===== https://www.zoho.com/en-in/crm/
TITLE: Zoho CRM | Top-rated Sales CRM Software by Customers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

The easiest AI CRM for growth.
Intelligent automation meets intuitive design. Built with AI at its core,
Zoho CRM
supercharges your business to get ahead without the overhead.
GET STARTED
Visionary in 2025 Magic Quadrant™
for Sales Force Automation Platforms
Read more
Get started with your
flexible free trial
Trusted by 300K+ businesses worldwide
Supercharge your sales with
Zia Agents
Harness the power of a multi-agent platform that delivers the best of artificial intelligence and human experience.
Explore agents
Teams that work together, win together
Multiple teams come together with sales to close deals. With Zoho CRM for Everyone, you can build unique, collaborative spaces for each team — all with some AI assistance, of course. Start winning more, together.
Explore CRM for Everyone
Teamspaces
Zia Module Creation
Zia Custom Design
Set up a dedicated space for each team. Let teams work with the data they need and nothing else.
New to CRM? No problem. Teams can create their own modules through simple prompts.
Create detailed list views based on images. Upload a layout you like and generate a custom Canvas layout instantly.
Staying relevant and driving innovation,
since 2005
Zoho CRM offers us technology that allows us to be more proactive and insight-driven, with all information in a single place. With our complete business under control, our productivity is up by 80% in the last year that we have been using Zoho.
Thomas John
Managing Director, Agappe
Zoho CRM for Everyone is incredibly user-friendly and customizable. Its intuitive interface makes it easy to navigate. The reporting tools were also a standout, providing clear insights that helped us make informed decisions.
Samer Zughul
Managing Partner,
Simplify9
Zoho CRM helped us automate our processes after we implemented workflow rules. Privacy and security are essential for us, and Zoho addressed it all. This was a game changer.
Olga Kovshanova
Director, Minor Hotels
I’m overall very satisfied with Zoho. The new CRM4E update has significantly enhanced the potential for effective team collaboration.
Ari Daniel Hernandez Sanchez
Marketing Director, Ava 7
AI is here to assist.
From rewriting emails to detecting anomalies, let Zia and ChatGPT help you get things done smarter.
Discover Zia AI capabilities
Engage with customers
Contextual customer engagement in
real-time,
across every channel, to ensure rich experiences.
Simplify customer engagement
Stay informed
Nuanced forecasting, performance management, and deep BI capabilities for the right insight at all times.
Explore forecasting & BI
Scale
your sales
Advanced workflows, cadences, and no-code functions to help you sell and scale efficiently.
Explore workflow automation
Canvas Design
Studio
Sales Force
Automation
Journey
Orchestration
CPQ
Module 360
Kiosk
Studio
Predictive
AI & BI
Advanced
Analytics
Agents
Everything your
business needs,
with a neat
360° view.
GET STARTED
See Pricing
Obsessed with Privacy since 1999
Uncompromized privacy & compliance.
View all of our security certificates.
Read more
IS 642819: Information Security
Management Certificate
PM 732705: Privacy Information
Management Certificate
CLOUD 714132, PII 714133: Cloud Security
Management Certificate
CLOUD 714132, PII 714133: Personal Data in
the Cloud Certificate
Grow
with Zoho
27
%
Increased productivity
Do more in less time
50
%
Faster implementation
Get started in no time
71
%
Saved on licensing fees
Big savings for a lifetime
* Growth metrics reported by our customers in an internal survey.
Take us for a spin!
Quick Tour
Watch Overview
Frequently Asked Questions
Can I integrate my favorite apps with
Zoho CRM?
Zoho CRM seamlessly integrates with over 1,000+ applications, and it takes no time to set up and get started. Check out Zoho Marketplace to find out which of your daily-drivers are ready to pair.
How do I know what's the right edition for me?
Try our
Edition Selector
and answer a few questions about your requirements for a CRM. Based on your choices, we'll recommend the edition that aligns best with your business goals.
How flexible are the contracts?
You are not bound by any contracts or commitments.
Zoho CRM
is a pay-as-you-go service (monthly or yearly), so you can make changes to your plan whenever you need to, and upgrade or downgrade at will.
How do I migrate to
Zoho CRM?
You can comfortably switch to Zoho from any popular CRM service–even spreadsheets. You can also avail our Jumpstart service that includes everything from requirement gathering to setup and onboarding. Alongside, we have a dedicated program Enterprises looking to move, and we'll help you get started in no time.
Explore Zwitch (Migration)
Explore Jumpstart (Service)
Contact EBS (Enterprise)
Is Zoho CRM available for my industry?
Zoho CRM is built to serve business of all kinds, and we cater to all industries and verticals. Explore our
industry-specific solutions
to learn more, and book a personalized demo to understand how
Zoho CRM
can be customized to

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/developer/
TITLE: Zoho CRM | Developer Tools and API
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Transform Zoho CRM into an agent-executable platform
Empower Zoho CRM with next-gen agentic automation. Configure an MCP server to enable AI agents to autonomously perform end-to-end tasks, removing repetitive manual steps across 950+ Zoho and third-party services.
Learn more
Run low-latency, event-driven UI actions with client scripts
Client scripts empower you to extend and customize how users see and work with CRM data. Run powerful operations like background mail trigger, custom alerts and confirmations, lookup filters, and more, all in real time with client-side script execution
Learn more
Collate customer data from multiple sources for enhanced efficiency
Bring in contextual data directly into the CRM platform using Queries. Pull data from CRM modules by selecting module and fields or using COQL queries, or fetch data from third party sources using REST APIs. Leverage built-in schema management and response serialization for effective data management.
Learn more
Connect customer data from every source
Use Zoho CRM's REST APIs and SDKs to unify existing customer data from across different applications and databases. Capture every customer interaction, enhance your workflows with additional data, and maintain a single point of truth. Your customers expect personalized engagement and your sales teams need all the information they can get to create a memorable experience.
Learn more
Fetch data efficiently with GraphQL APIs
GraphQL provides a more flexible and efficient way to access data and metadata within Zoho CRM. GraphQL allows you to request specific resources, fields of the resources and relationships of the resources, reducing redundant data and streamlining your development process.
Learn more
Act on data with functions
Allow developers to write serverless, event-driven code that acts on your Zoho CRM data while running on the same infrastructure that manages your Zoho CRM data and configuration. Monitor function performance and failures from a dedicated dashboard and deploy with a single click.
Learn more
Embed Widgets into Zoho CRM's native interface
Extend your Zoho CRM account's user interface by seamlessly connecting widget applications that act on Zoho CRM data and workflows in real-time. Use Zoho CRM's Widget SDK to build UI components with any open source web technology and contextually place them within Zoho CRM's pages, layouts, or buttons.
Learn more
Streamline metadata management using ZDK CLI
Use ZDK CLI to retrieve supported configurations from your organization, make changes directly from the CLI, and push those changes back to your organization. You can also collaborate efficiently with fellow developers using your preferred VCS and reuse components across different Zoho CRM orgs.
Learn more
Develop modern apps for web and mobile
Build role-specific apps for your customers, field teams, and employees and handle their specialized demands. Use Zoho CRM as your app's backend and let it sync and act on data in real-time without worrying about infrastructure or scaling needs. Easily control the deployment and distribution of these apps by either privately sharing it to users or publishing them publicly for everyone to access.
Learn more
Let your developers learn on the job
The best way to train your developers and employees on Zoho CRM is to let them actually use it. The fully featured free Developer Edition is the perfect environment for users to learn their way around Zoho CRM's configuration, data model, and developer tools without risking access to any of your production data.
Learn more
Collaborate and deploy changes with confidence
Check and track every change with 100% accuracy. Protect your production data and precious customer information from third-party developers while allowing them to work with your Zoho CRM meta data. Zoho CRM's sandbox gives administrators granular control over the changes they want to deploy while also enabling them to test every change before pushing them live.
Learn more

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/developer/docs/api/v2/
TITLE: Zoho CRM API | Online Help - Zoho CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Zoho CRM V2 APIs
Entity APIs
Perform CRUD operations on CRM module entities and integrate with any third party application through flexible RESTful endpoints.
Bulk APIs
Push and retrieve data from Zoho CRM in bulk using a set of asynchronous APIs.
Notification APIs
Get notified whenever a data change occurs inside your CRM.
Query APIs
Fetch records using the SELECT query (SQL syntax) from Zoho CRM.

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/developer/docs/widgets/
TITLE: Widgets Overview | Online Help - Zoho CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Widgets in Zoho CRM
1. What is a Widget?
Widgets are
embeddable UI components
that you can create and add to your Zoho CRM. You can use widgets to perform functions that utilize data from
third-party applications
. You can build widgets for Zoho CRM using our
JS SDK.
Widgets support
ZRC
, enabling seamless and consistent API calls using unified syntax.
There are times when there is a need to use services from some off-the-shelves softwares that differ from a regular CRM. For instance, a dial-pad for calling someone. Although it is available as a separate software, it isn't conventionally available in a CRM. But fret not! Widgets in Zoho CRM are embeddable UI components that you can create on your own, using our
JS Software Development Kit
. These widgets can be used to perform certain functions that utilizes data from third-party applications seamlessly.
Let's say you have certain metrics that you measure using an Analytics software. You need to open a new tab for analytics, and if you use other services, like monitoring your website, data from other services, etc, the things that you have to work with are separated into different parts. Through Widgets in Zoho CRM, you can use data from these services and display and use them to perform actions within the CRM. For instance, you can have a widget which displays a heatmap of the distribution of sales in a city. You can get an idea of the locations where the sales are booming and where they are not, and plan accordingly.
2. Pre-requisites
Widgets are available in
Professional
,
Enterprise
and
Ultimate
editions of Zoho CRM.
Refer to
this
page for the supported browser versions.
You should enable the
Developer Permissions
for the profile using which you want to access the Widgets. To enable the Developer Permissions, Go to
Setup > Users and Control  > Security Control >
select the Profile and enable
Developer Permissions.
3. Limits
You can create a maximum of
200
Widgets in Enterprise Edition and
200
in Ultimate Edition.
4. Types of Widgets
The following are the
types of Widgets
that can be embedded in Zoho CRM.
Widget in a Dashboard
Widget in a Web tab
Widget in a Custom Button
Widget in a Custom Related List
Widget in a Wizard
Widget in a Signal
Widget in Settings
Widget in a Blueprint
The provision to include external services to Zoho CRM helps to extend the functionalities of your application by a notch. Zoho CRM's Widgets, enable you to build embeddable UI components in the CRM and integrate them with the external application seamlessly.

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/developer/docs/functions/overview/introduction.html
TITLE: Functions - An Overview | Zoho CRM | Developer Tools
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Understanding Zoho CRM Functions
Learn what Zoho CRM Functions are, how they work, and when to use them.
Zoho CRM Functions
is a serverless platform that lets you write and run custom business logic directly within the CRM ecosystem. You can focus on your business logic without provisioning, scaling, or maintaining any infrastructure.
The Core Concept:
You write the script; Zoho CRM handles the rest.
How It Works
Functions executes your scripts in response to events, on a schedule, or via a direct HTTP call.
Isolated Execution:
Each execution runs in its own isolated environment with dedicated permissions, resource limits, and settings. This prevents one execution from affecting others or degrading the core CRM platform.
Automatic Management:
Zoho automatically manages the execution environment and scales resource allocation based on workload demand.
Zero Overhead:
No server configuration, no deployment pipeline, and no idle capacity costs.
Scripts and Languages
Functions supports four languages, giving teams the flexibility to write in whatever fits their stack:
Language
Best For
Deluge
Native CRM operations, Zoho service integrations, and quick automations.
Python
Data processing, ML pipelines, and teams with existing Python expertise.
Node.js
Async workflows and JavaScript-native teams.
Java
Enterprise logic and teams with existing Java codebases.
Note:
Deluge
is the most deeply integrated language. It has direct access to
zoho.crm.*
built-in namespaces and native connectors to other Zoho services. Python, Node.js, and Java interact with CRM data via respective
SDKs or ZRC
calls instead.
How Functions are Triggered and Associated
A Function runs only when it is associated with a trigger. The trigger tells CRM
when
and
where
to execute the Function. When you create a Function, you choose a
category
that determines which triggers it can be associated with. The category defines the Function’s intent. It determines the input and output data, as well as where the Function can be used in CRM.
Category
Triggered by
What it does
Automation
Workflow Rules, Blueprints, Approvals
Runs automatically when a record event or condition is met.
Button
Custom Button on a record detail page, list page, etc.
Runs when a user clicks the button; returns a message shown as a modal.
Schedule
Time-based interval (hourly, daily, weekly, custom)
Runs on a schedule independent of any user action or CRM event.
Standalone
Another Function or an HTTP call
General purpose such as being used by other Functions or exposed as a REST API endpoint for external applications.
Related List
Related list on a record page
Returns an XML string that CRM renders as a related list on a record page.
Signals
Inbound webhook from an external system
Raises a real-time notification in CRM.
Validation Rule
Record save event
Validates field data before allowing the record to be saved.
You associate a Function with its trigger during configuration. For example, you can do this in a Workflow Rule action, a Blueprint transition, or a Custom Button. The Function and trigger are linked there, not in the Function editor itself.
For a full breakdown of each category, see
Function Categories
. For step-by-step instructions on wiring a Function to a trigger, see
Associating Functions with CRM
.
Reliability and Management
Isolation and Reliability
Every Function execution runs with dedicated resource allocation, isolated from every other Function in your org. A misbehaving or long-running script cannot impact other Functions or the CRM platform itself.
Built-in Revision History
The Functions editor includes native version control.
Every save creates a
revision snapshot
.
You can browse the change history and
restore any of the last 30 revisions
directly from the editor.
No external tooling needed for rollbacks.
Where Functions Live
All Functions are created, managed, and monitored from one place:
Setup → Developer Hub → Functions
From here you can create new Functions, open existing ones in the editor and view execution logs. See the
Functions Editor
for a walkthrough of the editor interface.
When to Use Functions
Functions extend the capabilities of built-in CRM automation features, such as Workflow Rules and Blueprints, to support more advanced requirements.
Reach for Functions when you need to:
Execute custom business logic
that goes beyond field updates, email alerts, or standard workflow actions.
Integrate with external systems
by calling third-party REST APIs, sending data to ERP systems, synchronizing records with external databases, or processing webhooks from external services.
Interact with other Zoho apps
, such as creating a Zoho Books invoice from a won Deal, raising a Zoho Desk ticket from a CRM record, or updating a Zoho Projects task when a Deal stage changes.
Process and transform data
for tasks including validating field combinations, computing derived values, reformatting data before saving, and aggregating records across modules.
Run batch operat

===== https://www.zoho.com/developer/
TITLE: Transform your ideas into solutions | Zoho Developer
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

<
What do you want to build?
/>
Zoho Developer helps you build custom apps, integrate systems, and create industry-specific solutions, enhanced with AI to automate work, orchestrate workflows, and deliver smarter, personalized experiences across your business apps.
Build apps
Create custom apps to address your business needs—anything from a to-do-list app to a bot that can access GitHub repositories.
Learn more
Build integrations
Break data silos by integrating third-party tools with one another or with Zoho.
Learn more
Build extensions
Get more done from your Zoho apps by extending its capabilities. You can also craft unique, custom functionalities for your business on top of Zoho.
Learn more
Build industry solutions
Develop highly customized vertical systems to meet the needs of a specific industry using industry language.
Learn more
Build AI agents and agentic actions
Design AI agents that understand your business context, talk to your data, and take action across Zoho and third-party apps.
AI agents
Agentic actions
<
Choose the tool that best fits your needs
/ >
Apps
Creator
Catalyst
Integrations
Flow
Sigma
Creator
Catalyst
PhoneBridge
Zoho Api
Zoho APIs
Extensions
Sigma
Industry Solutions
Vertical Studio
Agents
AI Agents
Agentic Actions
MCP
<
The developer toolbox
/ >
Flow
An integration platform that enables you to connect business apps with hundreds of cloud applications without the need to code.
Learn more
AI Agents
Create and deploy ready-to-use AI agents that work inside Zoho apps. Supports prompt-based creation and includes 1000+ tools from 50+ apps.
Learn more
Creator
A low-code application development platform with visual builders, Creator empowers you to create web and mobile applications that can scale automatically.
Learn more
Sigma
Sigma is an extension development platform where developers can build and host extensions for various Zoho applications. These extensions can be feature enhancements or third-party tool integrations.
Learn more
Vertical Studio
A low-code cloud platform that domain experts can leverage to build industry-specific cloud solutions.
Learn more
MCP (Model Context Protocol)
Turn natural language into real business outcomes by building agent-driven actions across your apps that connect LLMs like GPT or Claude to Zoho’s APIs, data, and actions, giving AI agents the context and control they need to execute real work.
Learn more
Catalyst by Zoho
A full-stack development platform to build, test, host, deploy, and optimize solutions.
Learn more
PhoneBridge
Integrate your PBX or contact center with Zoho. Become a PhoneBridge partner to access Zoho PhoneBridge APIs that can help you swiftly build your integration.
Learn more
Zoho api
Zoho APIs
Build integrations for Zoho using any programming language and infrastructure. Extract or input data in an XML or JSON format between Zoho and third-party apps.
Explore Zoho APIs
Interested in monetizing your solutions?
Join our Marketplace partner program to list and sell your solutions on Zoho Marketplace.
Learn more
White label apps
Rebrand Zoho to reflect your brand identity. Ideal for independent software vendors (ISVs), solution developers, and consultants who require a faster time to market.
Learn more
{ Connect
(with)
fellow; }
Discover and interact with others who build with Zoho’s tools and platforms. Ask or answer questions, read about the latest updates, and more.
Explore the Developer Community

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/zohocrm-pricing.html?source_from=crm_home
TITLE: Zoho CRM Pricing and Editions - Free for 3 users
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

X
Team Users: A Quick Overview
Organization vs. Team levels in
Zoho CRM
Data in
Zoho CRM
is organized into data modules, and your CRM users are granted access to the modules relevant to them. Modules and users are available at two levels — the
organization (or org) level
, and
team level
.
Org modules
contain data closely tied to your sales processes. The users who work on these modules are
org users
, and they have full-scale CRM access. This license is ideal for sales reps, sales managers, presales teams, and central CRM admins.
Note:
Any mention of just "users" in
Zoho CRM
refers to this type of user.
Team modules
contain niche data particular to specific teams that support the sales process at various stages. The users who work on these modules are
team users
. Outside of their team modules, they only have partial access to CRM data and functionality. This license is ideal for all non-sales users, like marketing, support, legal, finance, and others.
The following table provides a short overview of what team users can (and cannot) do in both types of modules
Organization modules
What team users
can do
What team users
cannot do
What team users
can do
View and add notes, tags, attachments to records in up to 10 org modules
Get view-only access to Zoho integration tabs
View and create public custom views
Interact with other users in Feeds
Access Zoho CRM mobile apps
What team users
cannot do
Own records or have any admin-level permissions
Access or work with Reports and Dashboards
Initiate calls/meetings
Create or manage automation
Access AI/Zia features
Access Google/Microsoft integrations
Team modules
What team users
can do
What team users
cannot do
What team users
can do
Own and perform all operations on team module records
Customize team modules and manage automations
Associate webforms
Send emails, mass emails, and use mail merge
Manage custom views
What team users
cannot do
Build and access reports and dashboards based on team modules
Build custom functions, widgets, and access Sandbox
Note:
These features are available within team modules, but can only be accessed by fully licensed users
Want to try team users?
If you are a new user, you can
sign up for a free trial of
Zoho CRM
and add team users from the Setup page.
If you are an existing customer, or you're making your first purchase, you can buy team user licenses from the
Add-ons page
of the Zoho Store.
Note:
Teamspaces, team modules, and team users are available only in the new
CRM For Everyone UI
. If you are an existing customer, please ensure you have switched to the new UI before trying team users.
For a more detailed overview of team users and their permissions,
check this guide.
100% free forever
Monthly
Annually
save up to
34
%
CRM
CX Platform
Free Tools
Annually
Save up to
34
%
with yearly plans
Monthly
100% free forever
CRM
CX Platform
Free Tools
USD
INR
EUR
GBP
JPY
SGD
AUD
AED
SAR
MXN
ZAR
NGN
KES
EGP
CAD
USD
INR
EUR
GBP
JPY
SGD
AUD
AED
SAR
MXN
ZAR
NGN
KES
EGP
CAD
Standard
Beginner-friendly
₹
800
/user/month
START FREE TRIAL
Standard
Features List
Features List
All the essentials:
Workflows & assignment rules
Automate your day-to-day activities with workflows.
AI agents
Build and deploy AI agents to automate sales activities.
Cadences
Automate multichannel lead follow-up sequences.
Reports & dashboards
Build custom reports and dashboards to view your business performance.
Sales forecasting
Set your team for long-term success with achievable goals and keep track of business performance.
Self service kiosks
A no-code customization tool to create custom screens, record actions, and execute custom functions.
Professional
Automation and AI
₹
1,400
/user/month
START FREE TRIAL
Professional
Features List
Features List
Everything in
Standard +
CPQ
Match products to customer requirements and streamline quote management with built-in price rules.
Email intelligence
Get AI insights for emails, like contextual summaries, intent and sentiment analysis, and subject line suggestions.
Process automation
Build a step-by-step blueprint to guide your sales reps at every stage.
Widgets
Create widgets to perform functions that utilize data from third-party applications.
Inventory management
Manage all your invoices, sales and purchase orders, products, and vendors.
Google Ads integration
Plan your campaigns by connecting Google Ads with Zoho CRM
Most Popular
Enterprise
Deep customizability
₹
2,400
/user/month
START FREE TRIAL
Enterprise
Features List
Features List
Everything in
Professional +
AI sales assistant
Gain insights, predictions, and recommendations from Zia.
Journey orchestration
Build end-to-end customer journeys and delivering personalized experiences.
Territory management
Assign leads, customers, and accounts to sales reps based on product line, geography, and verticals.
Custom functions
Build low-code workflows to automate enterprise operations across different apps.
Wizards
Replace endless CRM forms with shorter, sequential forms using wizard

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/sales-force-automation/?source_from=crm_home
TITLE: SFA | Simplifying sales, amplifying impact
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Instant Quotes, Flawless Pricing
Simplify the entire quoting process. Generate accurate quotes instantly, automate pricing, and tailor proposals to each client's unique needs. No more manual calculations or guesswork—just quick, reliable quotes that move deals forward.
Explore CPQ
Smart boundaries, bigger wins
Tailor your territories to match specific products, regions, or sales processes. Watch as your team operates with purpose and maximizes every opportunity using Zoho CRM. Territory management, streamlined for success.
Learn more about territory
management
Data-driven, future ready
Get the clarity to make timely decisions and keep your sales trajectory on track. Gain clear insights into your team's projected performance with data-driven accuracy. No guesswork here, just reliable data guiding your next move.
Learn more about sales
forecasting
Pipelines that power growth
Is your sales pipeline driving growth or slowing you down? With Zoho CRM, you can manage deals, accounts, and contacts all in one view to ensure seamless coordination across your team. Turn complex processes into smooth workflows, boost productivity, and make your pipeline truly work for you.
Explore sales pipeline
management
Automated tasks for accelerated sales
Sales are built on a bedrock of tedious, but crucial and essential tasks. Zoho CRM's Workflows takes over these necessary operations - automating everything from sending emails and follow-ups, to data management - so that your team can focus better on closing more deals, and creating more value.
Explore workflow
automation
All your sales collateral is a click away
Ensure your team has access to all possible sales collateral inside the product through Zoho CRM's document library. Upload documents, extend access to the right people, track changes, and win deals—all from inside Zoho CRM.
Gamify sales and inspire healthy competition
Foster friendly competition and channel your sales reps' inherent competitiveness with Motivator. Gamify goals and watch together your sales progress with a refreshing change from the mundane. Everyone wins.
PREV
AI
NEXT
Lead management

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/signup.html?plan=enterprise&source_from=crm_home
TITLE: Sign up for Zoho CRM | 15-day free CRM trial – Try now!
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Zoho
Have a Zoho Account?
Login
"Salesforce does a nice job of making people think all other CRMs lack functionality. We checked out Zoho and found that not only did it have all of the functionality Salesforce has, but the interface was much more thoughtful and well-designed. Our only challenge would really be changing platforms."
Alex Tolbert
CEO, Bernard Health
Get started with your
15
-day free trial.
Need assistance?
Contact our toll free number
8989898989
Reach out to us
sales@zohocorp.com

===== https://www.zoho.com/crm/sales-force-automation/cpq.html?source_from=crm_home
TITLE: Custom quoting simplified | CPQ
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Sales Force Automation
CPQ
Custom quoting simplified
A great quote gets the ball rolling for a thriving partnership by establishing trust. Zoho CRM's CPQ functionality transforms complex quoting into an effortless process with smart tools for pricing, product bundles, and customer-specific solutions.
Sign up for free
Refine quotes on the fly with contextual agentic insights
As you build personalized quotes, an agent can surface valuable insights about the buyer such as the general sentiment, any mentions of competitors, likely products to purchase, and other vital factors that could impact their purchasing decision. Leverage these insights to adjust discounts and product offerings to make the quote more meaningful and improve the chances of closing your deal.
A quote done right moves more than numbers
When done right, a quote can move decisions. Configure automated product bundles. Apply dynamic pricing rules and parameters. Create singular quotes for your customers with precision.
Quote after quote
Product suggestions so natural, they feel almost intuitive. With smart recommendations for complementary up sells and cross-sells, each suggestion feels like a personal conversation, not a transaction—which enhances the buying process while fashioning new opportunities.
Provide tailored quotes for better fits
With dynamic pricing and automated discount calculations, creating accurate, custom quotes is easy—for any customer, at any time. As prices shift or deals change, Zoho CRM adjusts seamlessly, so you can move quickly while maintaining confidence in the numbers you're presenting.
Clarity on command
With the quotes dashboard, you have greater control and clarity. Get a crystal-clear view of all your pre-built KPIs.
Review the deals that need attention. Identify quotes on the verge of closing. Revive stalled discussions. Get accuracy you can rely on and the agility your team deserves. This is our guarantee.
Steered to succeed
Subtle and unassuming, our AI-driven prompts guide every conversation by suggesting the ideal products and framing the right questions.
