===== https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/
TITLE: :experiencecloud:
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Build your commerce vision
Adobe provides developers with software, tools, and services to customize and extend Adobe Commerce to support multichannel, global commerce for B2B and B2C, and integrate with backend systems.
Take a product tour
Get Developer Docs
Get Merchant Docs
Get Operations Docs
Meet the newest Adobe Commerce offerings
Learn how Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service and Adobe Commerce Optimizer can help you deliver high-impact shopping experiences and reduce operational costs.
Commerce as a Cloud Service
Commerce Optimizer
Learn about the new AI developer tools
Use the AI developer tools to create new Adobe Developer App Builder applications or convert existing extensions to applications.
Learn more
Event-driven integrations
Build a personalized commerce powerhouse by adding Adobe Experience Cloud products to Adobe Commerce.
Customizable storefronts
Our new Edge Delivery Services, Commerce dropins, and Content blocks are now combined to create the fastest shops on the web.
API-first Commerce
Make innovation a constant with a secure, scalable, and extensible commerce platform.
Developer playground
An API playground for hands-on learning
View code samples
Extensibility use cases for Adobe Commerce
Access on-demand training
Training to take your career to the next level
Get Developer Certification
Grow your skills and get hired by partners
What's new with Adobe Commerce
See the latest new features and innovations
Get started integrating your systems with Adobe Commerce
Accelerate Adobe Commerce integrations with enterprise systems using the integration starter kit.
Get started

===== https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/
TITLE: Adobe Commerce extensibility
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

data-slots=image, heading, text
Adobe Commerce extensibility
Learn how to create out-of-process extensions for Adobe Commerce using App Builder and App Management.
Extend Adobe Commerce without changing the Commerce core
Adobe Commerce supports
out-of-process extensibility
: custom business logic, integrations, and user experiences run as applications outside the Commerce application process. These applications communicate with Commerce using supported APIs, events, webhooks, and extension points rather than adding PHP code directly to the Commerce codebase.
Adobe implements this model through
Adobe Developer App Builder
and
Commerce App Management
:
App Builder
provides the platform for building secure, scalable Commerce applications. See
App development
and the
App Builder documentation
to get started.
I/O Runtime
hosts serverless actions that execute your custom logic.
Commerce
APIs
,
events
, and
webhooks
** connect your application to Commerce data and behavior.
Commerce SDKs and libraries
provide reusable patterns for authentication, configuration, event handling, and Commerce integration, including the
Admin UI SDK
and
OOPE modules
.
App Management
provides the application lifecycle: associate, configure, install, update, and remove Commerce apps.
This separation lets developers create and deploy an app independently from the Commerce release cycle. It also helps isolate custom workloads, reduce upgrade coupling, and make integrations easier to operate and evolve.
Out-of-process and in-process extensibility
Traditional Commerce extensions use an
in-process
model. PHP modules, plugins, observers, and other customizations run inside the Commerce application process and interact directly with its runtime, services, and database. This model can provide deep control, but it also couples custom code to the Commerce version, PHP runtime, internal APIs, deployment process, and available application resources.
Out-of-process extensibility moves that custom logic outside the Commerce process:
Characteristic
Out-of-process extensibility
In-process extensibility
Where code runs
Outside Commerce, on App Builder and its supporting services
Inside the Commerce application process
How it connects to Commerce
APIs, events, webhooks, SDKs, and supported extension points
PHP extension points and runtime services
Release lifecycle
Independently developed, tested, deployed, and operated
Coupled to Commerce deployment and upgrades
Upgrade considerations
Custom logic is decoupled from the Commerce codebase
Custom code must remain compatible with Commerce and its runtime
Scaling and resource use
Can scale and process independently of the Commerce application
Shares Commerce application resources
Typical strengths
Upgrade safety, integration flexibility, isolation, and independent delivery
Deep, synchronous control of the Commerce runtime
The two models are not interchangeable implementation details. They represent different lifecycle and operating models.
For new Commerce apps and modernizing existing customizations, start with App Management and build using the out-of-process extensibility model.
Build with App Management
Use
App Management
as the foundation for your Commerce extension lifecycle. It establishes how an app is defined, associated with a Commerce instance, configured, installed, updated, and removed.
Start here to:
Define the app
and its Commerce capabilities.
Build the app
with App Builder, Commerce SDKs, and supported integration patterns.
Connect the app
to Commerce through APIs,
events
,
webhooks
, or
UI extension points
.
Deploy and associate the app
with Commerce.
Configure, test, and operate the app
across its supported environments. See
Observability
for monitoring guidance.
When to use a starter kit
Starter kits
are
opinionated accelerators
, not alternate application lifecycle systems. They provide scaffolding, examples, and recommended patterns for common scenarios such as
creating an integration
and
customizing the checkout process
.
Choose a starter kit when you want to:
Quickly explore a common Commerce use case.
Start from a working reference implementation.
Adopt a recommended integration or UI pattern.
Customize an established foundation for your requirements.
Regardless of whether you start from an empty App Builder project or a starter kit, the resulting application follows the App Management lifecycle.
Build with App Management. Start with a starter kit if you need an accelerator.
Related resources
Developer agent
— get AI-assisted help while building Commerce apps.
App development
— learn how to build, port, and submit Commerce apps.
Events
,
Webhooks
,
Admin UI SDK
, and
OOPE modules
— the supported extension points for connecting your app to Commerce.
Observability
— monitor and troubleshoot your Commerce apps.
API Mesh
— A GraphQL gateway that composes Commerce APIs and third-party APIs behind a single endpoint, reducing round trips from the storefront or App Builder actions.
The
#app-

===== https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/
TITLE: Commerce PHP Extensions
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

data-slots=image, heading, text
Commerce PHP Extensions
Learn how to create and maintain PHP extensions for Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source.
data-slots=heading, links
Resources
Commerce open-source projects
Community Slack workspace
Contributor statistics
Overview
This documentation provides resources for developing PHP-based extensions for Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source.
Discover
Use these sections to learn about how to develop PHP extensions.
data-slots=heading, link, text
Sections
Architecture
Explore resources that describe the foundational elements of the Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source framework.
data-slots=link, text
Extension Development
Learn about extending or customizing Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source components. Apply this knowledge to create components that introduce new functionality and distribute them to merchants.
data-slots=link, text
Best Practices
Use this collection of best practices curated by the community as well as the Adobe User Experience (UX), Product Management, and Engineering teams to avoid commonly reported issues in third-party Adobe Commerce and Magento Open source extensions.
data-slots=link, text
Module Reference
Get module names and descriptions for PHP modules specific to Magento Open Source, Adobe Commerce, and B2B for Adobe Commerce.
data-slots=link, text
Coding Standards
Review Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source coding standards for different languages, including PHP, JavaScript, LESS, and jQuery.
data-slots=link, text
Tutorials
Follow step-by-step tutorials to customize default Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source features, including checkout, attributes, and the product creation form.
data-width=100%
data-slots=heading, link, text
Contributing to this documentation
We encourage you to participate in our open documentation initiative. If you have suggestions, corrections, additions, or deletions for this documentation, check out the source on
GitHub
, and open a pull request.

===== https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs
TITLE: Adobe Enterprise Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Adobe Enterprise documentation
Adobe Enterprise Documentation offers more than a collection of user guides. Discover our growing library of product documentation, tutorials, and on-demand events packed with strategies, hints, and best practices for creating awesome digital experiences. Let Experience League help you become an expert with the Adobe enterprise solutions you use the most.
CX Enterprise
Coworker and AI resources
About AI in CX Enterprise
Coworker
AI documentation
Data insights and audiences
Analytics
Customer Journey Analytics
Real-Time Customer Data Platform (all editions)
Audience Manager
Advertising
Marketo Measure
Intelligent Services
Mix Modeler
Content and commerce
Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
Experience Manager Sites Optimizer
Brand Visibility
LLM Apps (Beta)
Brand Concierge
Experience Manager Assets Essentials
Experience Manager 6.5 LTS
Experience Manager 6.5
Experience Manager – Older Versions
Experience Manager Guides
Learning Manager
Commerce (including Magento Open Source)
Customer journeys
Journey Optimizer
Journey Optimizer B2B Edition
Target
Campaign
Marketo Engage
Sales Qualifier
Marketing and media
GenStudio for Performance Marketing
Workfront
Adobe Pass
CX Enterprise admin and central interface
User management and product licenses
Organizations
Preferences and notifications
Central Interface Components
CX Enterprise Identity Service (ECID)
CX Enterprise Audiences
CX Enterprise Customer Attributes
CX Enterprise Assets
Experience Platform
Experience Platform documentation
Experience Platform
Data Collection
Digital Experience Blueprints
Document Cloud
Documentation
Acrobat Learn & Support
Acrobat Sign Learn & Support
Developer
Acrobat Services
Acrobat Services Tutorials
Helpful resources for Document Cloud
Document Cloud Learn & Support
Document Cloud Enterprise Tutorials
Adobe Status
Admin Guide
Creative Cloud for enterprise
Documentation
Creative Cloud Learn & Support
Helpful resources for Creative Cloud for enterprise
Creative Cloud for enterprise tutorials
Adobe Status
Adobe Developer
Admin guide
Additional resources
Cross-cloud resources
Experience League events
Adobe Status
Adobe Developer
Enterprise admin guide
Software distribution
Enablement and administration resources
CX Enterprise administration
Adobe Enterprise and Teams: Administration Guide
Learn and support resources
CX Enterprise Release Notes
Tutorials
Playlists
Events
Certification
Community Forum
Support

===== https://partners.adobe.com/digitalexperience/
TITLE: Home | Digital Partner Experience Program
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

#F8F8F8
ADOBE PARTNER PROGRAM
Unlock value with partners
Join the Adobe Digital Experience Partner Program to grow your business and deliver personalized, seamless customer experiences. Gain access to Adobe’s tools, training, and collaboration to innovate, integrate scalable solutions, and drive success. Ready to lead in digital transformation? Let’s make it happen—together.
Learn more
https://main--da-dx-partners--adobecom.aem.page/eds/partners-shared/fragments/product-overview/notification
#121212
Grow your business by partnering with Adobe!
Get a sneak peek of how our unified partner program and reimagined Partner Experience Hub can help you establish and strengthen your Adobe business.
Watch now
https://main--da-dx-partners--adobecom.aem.live/eds/partners-shared/video/media_12138ed01c99a6872988a6d21fc5163f704cefda6.mp4#autoplay
style
xl spacing top,
static-links
masonry
full width
Gain the knowledge to grow your business
With diverse learning resources across Adobe products, certifications paths for individual learners, and a wealth of tools and resources, we’ve got what you need to learn, evolve, and succeed.
On-demand learning.
Access learning modules and train at your own pace using our library of courses, webinars, and other materials.
Partner certification and accreditation journeys.
Choose a credential journey for a personalized step-by-step path that will help you grow your skills.
Hands-on resources.
Enhance your skills with access to demo tools and Adobe application sandboxes and downloads.
style
m spacing, container
Close deals with a compelling sales story
Driving sales in today’s market demands sellers deliver a compelling narrative that resonates with customers, is relevant to their industry, and aligns to their strategic objectives. Partnering with Adobe unlocks access to a vast resource library that help sellers meet the mark.
Sales Plays.
Our collection of Sales Plays helps sellers position individual or integrated Adobe applications for sale with a repeatable, standardized, and customer-centric approach.
Industries.
Leverage Adobe expertise to sell our applications across verticals with insight into industry-specific trends and use cases to further shape your sales messaging.
style
m spacing bottom, container
Go public with your Adobe partnership
We want to grow your Adobe business and we prove it with an array of resources and programs to promote your expertise and attract potential clients.
Specialization.
Partners can earn Adobe’s stamp of approval after attaining certified technical proficiency. Differentiate your company and highlight your employees’ expertise at the same time.
Accredited partner solutions.
Promote your specific Adobe services and offerings.
Partner marketing resources.
Locate resources to help you build, design, and deliver your own marketing and lead generation efforts for your organization and your clients.
style
m spacing bottom, container
Gain access to Adobe experts and like-minded peers
Our partner community grows stronger every year—here, you can network, find events, and grow your business and career.
Partner events.
Join partner-centered events in your region, including conferences, workshops, learning programs, and certification prep events.
Webinars.
Learn about new product releases, best practices, go-to-market strategies, and everything in between. Webinars occur regularly and are recorded and available on demand.
Community.
Join our LinkedIn group, explore forums, ask questions, and stay informed about products and program updates.
style
m spacing bottom, container
https://main--da-dx-partners--adobecom.aem.page/eds/partners-shared/fragments/cta-banner/register-now

===== https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/webhooks/
TITLE: Adobe Commerce Webhooks Overview
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Adobe Commerce Webhooks Overview
Webhooks enable developers to configure synchronous logic to execute calls to external systems when an Adobe Commerce event triggers. Synchronous calls are required when Commerce needs to compute or validate something immediately (order totals, taxes, payments) using a 3rd-party endpoint and write the result back into Adobe Commerce.
This process is illustrated in the following diagram.
Webhook execution always starts with an event occurring in Adobe Commerce. This event can occur from many different types of user flows. For example, an event fires when a shopper adds a product to their shopping cart or an administrator creates a quote.
The event triggers a real-time call from Commerce to a URL endpoint, such as an Order Management System. This call contains relevant data, such as the Commerce product SKU and requests information from that external system. As an example, the call requests a product's stock status to make sure it is available to be purchased.
Execution completes by resolving the response from the external system back into the Commerce application. For example, if the external system responds that the product is available, Commerce completes the shopper's action and adds the product to the shopping cart. If the product is not available, the flow is interrupted and an exception is thrown. ("Exception: Product is not in stock"). The shopper cannot add the product to the cart.
Not all situations are ideal for webhooks. Create a webhook only if synchronous communication with the external server is critical. For many scenarios, asynchronous communication is sufficient, and as a result,
Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce
is a better alternative.
The resolution of a remote call also determines whether to implement a webhook. Webhooks resolve as successful, by throwing an exception, or by modifying the event data payload.
Use cases
can help you understand when to implement webhooks.
Webhook development process
Use these guidelines to develop your own webhooks:
Identify the Adobe Commerce event that triggers a webhook. In Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (SaaS), you can browse the available events from the Admin by selecting
System
> Webhooks >
Webhooks List
or using the
GET /V1/webhooks/supportedList
REST endpoint
. In PaaS environments, run the
bin/magento webhooks:list:all
command
to list supported methods and the
bin/magento webhooks:info <webhook-name>
command
to return the payload.
To make a web call to the external server, gather the requirements. This includes the URL, connection information, headers, and the payload the server expects.
Create your
webhook
. Review the sample
use cases
for ideas. Extension developers should place this file in the
etc
directory of their custom module. Merchants who want to implement their own webhooks can define them in the system
app/etc/webhooks.xml
file.
Test
your webhook and interpret the
response
.

===== https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/admin-ui-sdk/
TITLE: Adobe Commerce Admin UI SDK overview
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Adobe Commerce Admin UI SDK overview
The Adobe Commerce Admin UI SDK enables an App Builder developer to extend the
Commerce Admin
to include custom menus and pages. These Admin customizations were traditionally defined in a PHP module. The principles of Out-of-Process development require a more modern approach. The Admin UI SDK provides the merchant with the means to use the Admin to configure and interact with an app developed in App Builder.
Many types of apps use this SDK. It represents a one-to-many approach for supporting Out of Process UI Extensibility. Application developers, internal adopters, and merchants using Out of Process Extensibility no longer have to rely on purely headless applications. Instead, they can now build and use secure and authenticated UIs directly from the Commerce Admin panel.
Architecture
The following diagram shows the architecture of the Admin UI SDK.
The SDK contains two main components that are necessary for development:
The
CommerceBackendUix
module is a traditional in-process Commerce PHP module that allows Out of Process extensions to inject menus and pages into the Admin.
uix
defines a React app that renders the custom Admin content.
Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)
manages authentication. The merchant adds their IMS org information into a configuration panel in Commerce. Once this information is added, the merchant's App Builder app can securely communicate with the merchant's instance and render the app UI.
The following sequence diagram illustrates the authentication process in V2.
In V1, the sequence is as follows:
Code samples
The
Adobe Commerce Samples repository
contains samples for different extension points of the Adobe Commerce Admin UI SDK. Use these samples to learn how the Admin SDK injects menus and pages into the Admin.
Admin UI SDK and Adobe Extensions
Adobe App Builder supports
extensions
, which allow developers to integrate their applications with specific Adobe products. Extensions act as a bridge between Adobe products and the applications built using Adobe App Builder. As a result, these applications can be easily integrated and extended within Adobe's ecosystem.
The Admin UI SDK supports only the
extensions
type. An App Builder project using an
application
configuration should be
migrated
to use an
extensions
configuration linked to the
commerce/backend-ui/1
extension point ID.

===== https://developer.adobe.com/graphql-mesh-gateway/
TITLE: Overview - API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

data-src=includes/update-notice.md
data-slots=image, heading, text
API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder
API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder is an orchestration layer that enables developers to seamlessly integrate private and third-party APIs with Adobe products and APIs.
API Mesh allows developers to combine multiple data sources into a single, queryable GraphQL endpoint.
GraphQL
allows you to determine the information the response contains, unlike REST APIs, which have fixed response formats.
By serving multiple sources through a single gateway and providing customized responses, API Mesh creates a better user experience for accessing your backend services.
Features
Adobe API Manager
- A reverse proxy that accepts most API calls for many backend services
Configurable Integrations
- Low/No-code method to integrate with your own private APIs with Adobe Commerce, other Adobe products, and third-party APIs
Backward Compatibility
- Preserve existing APIs while gradually adopting new ones
Extensibility
- Customize and extend your APIs directly in the gateway without making changes to the API source
Advanced Security
- Web application firewall (WAF) and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) protection for all your APIs
Related information
Use the following sections to learn more about the API Mesh and extensibility at Adobe.
data-slots=link, text
API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder
Allows developers to integrate private and third-party APIs and other software interfaces with Adobe Commerce and other Adobe products using Adobe IO.
data-slots=link, text
App Builder
Is a complete framework that enables enterprise developers to build and deploy custom web applications that extend Adobe Experience Cloud solutions and run on Adobe infrastructure.
data-slots=link, text
Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce
Makes Commerce transactional data available to App Builder using Adobe I/O. You can define the events to transmit data each time an event triggers, or only under circumstances defined within configuration rules.
Join the conversation
Join the
#commerce-api-mesh-community
Slack channel to ask questions, share your work, and connect with other developers interested in API Mesh.
Contributing to this documentation
We encourage you to participate in our open documentation initiative. If you have suggestions, corrections, additions, or deletions for this documentation, check out the source on
GitHub
and open a pull request.

===== https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/module-reference/
TITLE: Module Reference | Commerce PHP Extensions
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Module Reference | Commerce PHP Extensions
Introduction
The Module Reference contains brief descriptions for modules of the Adobe Commerce v2.4.9. All module topics are generated from the corresponding README file of the module.
