===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/
TITLE: Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Snowflake Documentation
Snowflake Documentation
Featured Resources
Dive into our top picks
user guide
Connecting to Snowflake
Learn about the applications and tools that you can use to access Snowflake
user guide
Working with Virtual Warehouses
Learn how to create and manage warehouses, which are used to process queries
user guide
Databases, Tables and Views
Learn how to create and manage databases, tables, and views for storing and accessing your data
user guide
Load Data into Snowflake
Learn about the different options for getting data into Snowflake and setting up a pipeline to transform your data
Discover the Most Popular Resources
Getting Started
Basic information and instructions for first-time users of Snowflake.
Getting a Trial Account
Snowflake in 20 Minutes
Key Concepts and Architecture
Connecting to Snowflake
See all
User Guides
Instructions on performing various Snowflake operations.
Understanding & Using Time Travel
Working with Temporary and Transient Tables
Working with Materialized Views
About Snowflake Openflow
See all
Developer Guides
Write applications that extend Snowflake, act as a client, or act as an integrating component.
Snowflake Native App Framework
Snowpark API
User-defined Functions (UDFs) and Stored Procedures
Drivers
See all
Reference
Reference for SQL data types, SQL commands, SQL functions, SQL classes, scripting, views, and other areas
SQL Data Types
SQL Commands
SQL Functions
SQL Classes
Snowflake Scripting
See all
Tutorials
Tutorials to help you learn the basics of using Snowflake
Snowflake in 20 Minutes
Bulk Loading from a Local File System
Bulk Loading from Amazon S3 Using COPY
See all
Releases
Overview of the new features, enhancements, and important fixes introduced in the most recent releases of Snowflake.
New features
Behavior change log
Snowflake connector, driver, and library monthly releases
See all
What's New
New features, enhancements, and important behavior changes introduced in the most recent Snowflake releases.
See all
Recent Release Highlights
preview
On September 30th, 2025
Declarative Sharing - Preview
Snowflake is pleased to announce the preview of Declarative Sharing. Declarative Sharing in the Snowflake Native App Framework enables providers to share and sell data products, and to enhance those apps by including notebooks that help Snowflake consumers visualize data.
preview
On June 2nd, 2025
Snowpipe Streaming with High-Performance Architecture
Snowflake is pleased to announce the preview of the Snowpipe Streaming high-performance architecture. This next-generation implementation delivers significantly enhanced throughput and optimized streaming performance with a predictable, throughput-based pricing model.
generally available
On May 5th, 2025
Release channels for Snowflake Native Apps
generally available
On May 23rd, 2025
Search optimization: Support for Apache Iceberg™ tables
generally available
On May 23rd, 2025
Query Acceleration Service: Support for Apache Iceberg™ tables
generally available
On May 23rd, 2025
Triggered tasks: Support for streams hosted on directory tables and data shares
Announcements
Stay informed and discover the latest updates, improvements, and enhancements
Behavior Changes
Behavior changes that may impact your usage
Performance Improvements
All features that can improve performance and make queries run faster

===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference
TITLE: General reference | Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

General reference
These topics provide general reference information for using Snowflake.
Parameters
— parameters that can be used to control system behavior at the account, user, session, and object
level.
References
— use references to authorize access on objects for owner’s rights stored procedures,
applications, and classes.
Ternary logic
— information about the behavior of NULL in Boolean expressions and with comparison operators.
Collation support
— information about sorting and other character-set-dependent operations on text strings.
SQL format models
— formats for specifying conversion of numeric and date/time values to and from text strings.
Object identifiers
— rules for defining and using object identifiers, including resolving object names used in SQL
statements:
Identifier requirements
Literals and variables as identifiers with IDENTIFIER() syntax
Object name resolution
Constraints
— concepts and reference information for defining and maintaining unique, primary key, and foreign
key constraints in tables:
Overview of constraints
Creating constraints
Modifying constraints
Dropping constraints
SQL variables
— concepts and reference for defining and using variables in sessions.
Transactions
— concepts and reference for using transactions with SQL statements.
Table literals
— concepts and reference for using table literals instead of a single scalar value in queries.
SNOWFLAKE database
— reference for the SNOWFLAKE shared database, which is provided by Snowflake for
querying/reporting on your organization, account, data sharing, and other object usage.
Snowflake Information Schema
— concepts and reference for the Snowflake Information Schema, which consists of a set of metadata
views and historical table functions for querying/reporting on objects in Snowflake.
Metadata fields in Snowflake
— concepts and reference for metadata fields in Snowflake.

===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/sql-api/index
TITLE: Snowflake SQL API | Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Snowflake SQL API
The Snowflake SQL API is a REST API that you can use to access and update data in a Snowflake database. You can use
this API to develop custom applications and integrations that:
Perform queries
Manage your deployment (e.g. provision users and roles, create tables, etc.)
The Snowflake SQL API provides operations that you can use to:
Submit SQL statements for execution.
Check the status of the execution of a statement.
Cancel the execution of a statement.
You can use this API to execute
standard queries
and most
DDL
and
DML
statements.
See
Limitations of the SQL API
for the types of statements that are not supported.
Introduction to the SQL API
Get an overview of the API.
About the SQL API endpoints
Learn about the endpoints that make up the API.
Authenticating to the server
Use OAuth or Key Pair to authenticate with the Snowflake server.
Submitting a request to execute SQL statements
Set up and submit requests using an API endpoint.
Handling responses
Check request status and get results and other data after a request.
Submitting multiple SQL statements in a single request
Send multiple SQL statements in a single API request.
Creating and calling stored procedures
Create a stored procedure by specifying it in the body of a request.
Using explicit transactions
Execute SQL in a transaction by specifying the start, end, and statements in the transaction.
Getting details about an error
Retrieve error information.
Canceling the execution of a SQL statement
Cancel SQL statement execution.
Snowflake SQL API reference
Read details about the operations, objects, HTTP headers, and response codes for this API.
Deprecated functionality
Learn about deprecated functionality.

===== https://www.snowflake.com/en/
TITLE: Snowflake AI Data Cloud
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Snowflake AI Data Cloud
Skip to content
Code
Work
Bring agentic AI to all your data
Ask anything with Snowflake CoWork. Build anything with Snowflake CoCo. Welcome to your one-stop shop for everyone in the enterprise.
Discover Snowflake CoCo
Meet Snowflake CoWork
Snowflake CoCo
Snowflake CoWork
PLATFORM
Simplify Enterprise
Data and AI
From ingesting and processing data to analyzing and modeling it, to building and sharing data and AI applications, Snowflake helps you innovate faster and do more with your data.
Why Snowflake
View Pricing
EASY
Bring your data and AI strategies to life
Save time on building, configuring and tuning infrastructure with an easy, fully managed platform that’s integrated across data types and clouds.
CONNECTED
Connect your business ecosystem
Snowflake’s rich ecosystem and interoperability with open table formats means you can maximize value from all your data, apps and models.
TRUSTED
Achieve universal business continuity
Support your most demanding workloads with always-on, unified security, governance, observability and disaster recovery, regardless of cloud or region.
THE AI DATA CLOUD
Streamline your architecture.
Smash data silos.
Platform
The Snowflake platform is a fully managed service that’s truly easy to use, connected across your entire data estate and trusted by thousands of customers.
Learn more
Data Engineering
Build reliable, continuous data pipelines for the enterprise in the language of your choice.
Learn more
Analytics
Do data analytics faster with optimal pricing and near-zero maintenance.
Learn more
AI
Securely create and deploy LLMs and ML models customized with your data.
Learn more
Applications & Collaboration
Share live data across clouds and organizations, plus easily develop, distribute and scale apps.
Learn more
Transactions
Unify transactional, analytical and AI workloads on one enterprise-ready platform.
Learn more
Fully managed service
Universal security & governance
Cross-cloud ecosystem
Snowflake CoCo
Accelerate end-to-end development with a governed AI coding agent that works wherever you build.
Discover Snowflake CoCo
Snowflake CoWork
The personal work agent that takes you from context to clarity to action, all within Snowflake's perimeter.
Explore Snowflake CoWork
Retail & Consumer Goods
Data Built to Perform
Under Armour moves as fast as the athletes it serves with unified data, conversational AI and agentic workflows built on Snowflake.
Experience the story
30x
More visibility into product margins
14K+
Employees with access to conversational AI
Read the case study
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Novo Unifies 900TB of Data to Power Self-Service Insights for 40,000 Users
With Snowflake, Novo unifies commercial and research data, empowering 40,000 users with self-service insights and laying the foundation for agentic, conversational BI.
Watch the video
900 TB
commercial and research data unified on Snowflake
40K
Active users running self-service analysis
Watch now
Manufacturing
United Rentals Equips 1,600+ Locations with Trusted Answers in Real Time
Using Snowflake CoWork and Snowflake CoCo, United Rentals compresses agent development cycles from days to minutes and answers thousands of monthly questions with a Business Intelligence Agent.
Read the story
1600+
Locations reached by the BI Agent
Read the case study
Travel & Hospitality
Booking.com Accelerates Travel Innovation with Cortex AI
By migrating away from Hadoop, Booking.com modernizes its data and AI, democratizes insights and connects millions of travelers to their dream trips.
Watch the video
31M
Travel listings unified by a connected data and AI platform
175K
Different travel destinations powered by Cortex AI
Read the case study
Retail & Consumer Goods
Fanatics Personalizes the Fan Experience with Snowflake CoWork
Fanatics builds enterprise agents with Snowflake CoWork to unify billions of fan data points, democratize data access and enhance experiences for millions of fans.
Watch the video
2B+
Daily signals from fans
100M+
Fans each with hundreds of attributes
Watch the video
Prev
Next
Amplify Impact
The Snowflake
Ecosystem
Snowflake Partner Network
From integrated technologies to migration experts, maximize your Snowflake deployment with one of our partners.
Learn about the Snowflake Partner Network
Explore the Snowflake Partner Finder
Developer Community
Find reference architecture, level up your Snowflake skill set or see what open source Snowflake supports.
Visit the Developers Center
Explore upcoming developer events
Core Concepts
Explore our knowledge base to learn more about industry trends and best practices directly from experts at Snowflake.
Explore Data Governance
Explore Artificial Intelligence
Resources and News
The Latest from
Snowflake
EBOOK
The Modern Marketing Data Stack 5th Edition
Read now
Report
Operationalizing Autonomous AI: Architecting the Agentic Enterprise on a Converged Data Foundation
Read now
REPORT
AI + Data Predictions 2026
Read now
Press Release
Snowflake Re

===== https://www.snowflake.com/en/pricing-options/
TITLE: Snowflake Pricing | Choose the Right Edition for Your Data Needs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Snowflake Pricing | Choose the Right Edition for Your Data Needs
Skip to content
Pricing Options
Overview
Cost & Performance Optimization
Pricing Calculator
Resources
Snowflake
Pricing
We keep pricing simple with a consumption-based pricing model. Explore the details of our pricing model and how you can easily understand costs. For a view of all specific pricing related information, view the
consumption table
.
Platform:
Select a platform
Region:
Select a region
Standard
An entry-level, introductory offering providing access to core functionality.
Get Started
Includes
All core platform functionality with fully managed elastic compute
Security with automatic encryption of all data
Snowpark
Data sharing
Optimized storage with compression and Time Travel
+ more
View All Features
Enterprise
Most popular and addresses the needs of high-growth, large-scale customers.
Get Started
ALL STANDARD EDITION FEATURES +
Ability to use multi-cluster compute
Granular governance and privacy controls
Extended Time Travel windows
+ more
View All Features
Most Popular
Business Critical
Offers functionality for highly regulated industries with regulations of sensitive data.
Get Started
ALL ENTERPRISE EDITION FEATURES +
Tri-Secret Secure
Access to private connectivity
Failover and failback for backup and disaster recovery
+ more
View All Features
Virtual Private Snowflake
Virtual Private Snowflake (VPS) includes all the features of Business Critical Edition, but in a completely separate Snowflake environment, isolated from all other Snowflake accounts.
Talk to Sales
Optimized Storage
A monthly fee for data stored in Snowflake is calculated using the average amount of storage used per month, after compression, for data ingested into Snowflake.
There are two ways to buy the Snowflake Service: On-demand or pre-paid capacity.
Download Snowflake Pricing Guide
On-Demand Storage
Pay for usage month-to-month.
Price shown above reflects the list price. To view capacity storage discounts, please refer to
Table 3(a) in the Snowflake Service Consumption Table
.
A fully managed product
delivers simplicity and better TCO
Snowflake takes care of infrastructure management and provides the ease-of-use that only a unified, fully managed product can deliver.
Over 7,200 brands mobilize their data with Snowflake
Drive more efficiency
with Snowflake
Whether you’re just getting started with Snowflake or looking to get the most out of your existing deployment, check out these resources to help you forecast, understand and optimize costs.
Modernize your data ecosystem
Migrate to the
AI Data Cloud
Moving from on-premises to the cloud or between clouds, Snowflake helps you have a seamless journey with low-risk and cost-effective AI-powered solutions.
Free code conversion tools
Ecosystem of migration partners
Most critical data workloads enabled
Visit the Migration Hub
White Paper
Definitive Guide to Managing Spend in Snowflake
Read now
Course
Cost Management Bootcamp - AI Data Cloud Academy
Register now
Docs
Manage Costs in Snowflake
Read now
Docs
Optimizing Performance on Snowflake
Read now

===== https://www.snowflake.com/en/developers/
TITLE: Snowflake for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Snowflake for Developers
Skip to content
Developers
Overview
Guides
Open Source
Learn
Developer Blog
events
Downloads
Snowflake for
Developers
,
Discover reference architectures, industry-specific use cases and  solutions best practices from Snowflake experts and partners.
Featured Guides
Community Solution
Building AI-powered BI apps using Snowflake Cortex Analyst
Cortex Analyst
Cortex LLM
AI
Community Solution
Running Distributed PyTorch Models on Snowflake: An End-to-End ML Solution
Snowpark Container Services
Notebooks on Container Runtime
Snowpark ML
Model Registry
+More
Community Solution
Customer Reviews Analytics using Snowflake Cortex
Streamlit
Notebooks
Snowflake Cortex
Community Solution
End-to-End Data Engineering with Snowpark Pandas
Snowpark
Notebooks
IT
Certified Solution
Getting Started with Horizon for Data Governance in Snowflake
Horizon
Cortex AI
Community Solution
Product Review Sentiment Analysis using Snowflake Cortex on Iceberg Tables
Snowpark
Apache Iceberg
Snowflake Cortex
Streams and Tasks
Community Solution
Visual Data Stories with Snowflake Notebooks
Notebooks
Snowpark
Community Solution
Time Series Analytics with Pricing Data on Snowflake
Notebooks
ASOF_JOIN
RANGE BETWEEN
TIME_SLICE
Community Solution
Restaurant Sales Forecasting and Anomaly Detection using Snowflake ML functions
Snowpark
Snowflake ML functions
Streams and Tasks
Community Solution
Enriching consumer data through a Snowflake Native App
Snowpark Container Services
UDF
Native App
Snowpark External Access
+More
Community Solution
Build LLM Apps with Snowpark Container Services and NVIDIA
Snowpark Container Services
Streamlit
Snowflake Native App
Community Solution
Question Answering on Knowledge Graphs Using RelationalAI
Snowpark
UDF
Marketplace and Integrations
Snowflake SQL API
+More
Community Solution
Getting Started with Horizon for Data Governance in Snowflake
Horizon
Community Solution
Application Framework: Getting started with the Data Quality Manager
Serverless Tasks
Snowpark Python
Streamlit
Community Solution
Enhance Snowflake's Native Alerting Capabilities
Alerts
Streamlit
View More Guides
No matter what you’re building
Snowflake has a solution
AI/ML
Securely build and deploy LLMs and ML models.
View solutions
AI/ML
AI/ML
Securely build and deploy LLMs and ML models.
View solutions
Applications
Develop and scale data-intensive applications without operational burden.
View solutions
Applications
Applications
Develop and scale data-intensive applications without operational burden.
View solutions
Collaboration
Discover, acquire and monetize live data, services and apps in the AI Data Cloud.
View solutions
Collaboration
Collaboration
Discover, acquire and monetize live data, services and apps in the AI Data Cloud.
View solutions
Data Engineering
Build reliable, continuous data pipelines at scale in the language of your choice.
View solution
Data Engineering
Data Engineering
Build reliable, continuous data pipelines at scale in the language of your choice.
View solution
Explore
Industry Guides
Advertising, Media & Entertainment
Learn more
Financial Services
Learn more
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Learn more
Manufacturing
Learn more
Public Sector
Learn more
Retail & CPG
Learn more
Technology
Learn more
Telecommunications
Learn more
Travel & Hospitality
Learn more
Explore what’s possible
and start building today
Join our developer community
Connect with fellow Snowflake enthusiasts to discuss all things AI Data Cloud.
View the forums
Explore developer docs
Streamline your Snowflake journey with comprehensive documentation and learning resources.
Go to docs
Discover our open source projects
Check out the open source projects that Snowflake maintains and supports.
Projects we support
Browse developer guides
Follow along with tutorials to get you up and running with Snowflake.
View the guides
Contribute to Snowflake Labs
Browse and contribute to over 200 open source repositories.
Contribute today
Level up with Northstar
Upskill on Snowflake with online self-paced courses, in-person workshops and more.
View course options
Recent Engineering
News From Snowflake
Bridging Neuroscience and AI: Insights From the Retina and Beyond
The synergy between neuroscience and technology is becoming increasingly evident in the rapidly evolving landscape of artificial intelligence (AI). As researchers delve...
Read the blog
Snowpark Observability: Deep Dive into Functions and Procedures Optimizations
Snowpark is the set of libraries and code execution environments that run Python and other programming languages next to data in Snowflake...
Read the blog
Best Practices for Getting Started with Snowflake’s Document AI
During the preview of Snowflake’s Document AI, we engaged with hundreds of customers eager to empower their business teams with automated intelligent document processing (IDP) workflows...
Read the blog
Read more blogs
Take the next step and get
hands-on experience with Snowflake
Get your questions answered by our develo

===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/reference
TITLE: Reference | Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Reference
Reference information on various areas of Snowflake.
SQL data types reference
Reference for SQL data types.
SQL command reference
Reference for SQL commands.
Function and stored procedure reference
Reference for SQL functions.
SQL class reference
Reference for SQL classes.
Snowflake Scripting reference
Reference for
Snowflake Scripting
constructs.
General reference
Reference material on other subjects.

===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference-classes
TITLE: SQL class reference | Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

SQL class reference
These topics provide reference information for Snowflake
classes
.
Each class supports one or more of the following SQL operations:
ALTER: Modifies the properties of an instance of a class.
CREATE: Creates an instance of a class.
DROP: Deletes an instance of a class.
SHOW: Lists instances of a class.
An instance of a class can have one or more methods. A method is a stored procedure or function and can be called by
using the instance name and method name, and arguments (if any) required by the method. For example,
CALL
instance_name
!
method_name
(...)
.
Updating your search path
You can add the schema for classes you use frequently to your search path to save typing and make your SQL statements
more concise. For more information about updating your search path, see
Update your search path
.
Available classes
Snowflake provides the following system-defined (built-in) classes.
ANOMALY_DETECTION (SNOWFLAKE.ML)
Allows you to detect outliers in your time series data.
ANOMALY_INSIGHTS (SNOWFLAKE.LOCAL)
Allows you to detect outliers in your costs.
BUDGET (SNOWFLAKE.CORE)
Allows you to monitor credit usage of supported objects.
CLASSIFICATION (SNOWFLAKE.ML)
Automatically sorts data into categories based on features in the data.
CLASSIFICATION_PROFILE (SNOWFLAKE.DATA_PRIVACY)
Allows you to automatically classify sensitive data.
CUSTOM_CLASSIFIER (SNOWFLAKE.DATA_PRIVACY)
Allows you to define custom classifiers to extend your data classification capabilities.
FORECAST (SNOWFLAKE.ML)
Represents a forecast model that produces a forecast for a single or multiple time series.
TOP_INSIGHTS (SNOWFLAKE.ML)
Allows you to determine the segments driving changes in a metric.

===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference-commands
TITLE: SQL command reference | Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

SQL command reference
These topics provide reference information for all the Snowflake SQL commands (DDL, DML, and query syntax).
Query syntax
— structure of SQL queries in Snowflake.
Query operators
— arithmetic, logical, and other types of operators.
Data Definition Language (DDL) commands
— overview of DDL commands.
Data Manipulation Language (DML) commands
— commands for performing DML operations, including:
Inserting, deleting, updating, and merging data in Snowflake tables.
Bulk copying data into and out of Snowflake tables.
Staging files for bulk copying.
All commands (alphabetical)
— alphabetical list of all the commands.
Commands categorized by the type of objects and operations they control, including:
General account-level objects (accounts, users, roles, security policies, integrations, etc.) and operations (failover & recovery, etc.).
Session-based operations (session context, queries, variables, transactions, etc.).
Virtual warehouses (for loading data and performing queries) and resource monitors (for controlling credit usage).
Databases, schemas, tables, and other schema-level objects (views, sequences, etc.).
Snowflake extensions and application development (user-defined functions, stored procedures, scripting, etc.).
Objects for sharing data (shares, listings, etc.).
Objects for classifying, protecting, and governing data (masking policies, row-access policies, tags, etc.).

===== https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference-functions
TITLE: Function and stored procedure reference | Snowflake Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Function and stored procedure reference
These topics provide reference information for the system-defined functions and system-defined stored procedures.
Summary of functions
— combined summary of all system-defined functions. Can be used as a
quick-reference.
All functions (alphabetical)
— alphabetical list of all system-defined functions (scalar, aggregate, table, etc.).
Aggregate functions
— functions that take multiple rows/values as input and return a single value.
Scalar functions
— functions that take a single row/value as input and return a single value:
Bitwise expression functions
Conditional expression functions
Context functions
Conversion functions
Data generation functions
Date & time functions
Differential privacy functions
Encryption functions
Geospatial functions
Hash functions
Metadata functions
Notification functions
Numeric functions
Period functions
Semi-structured and structured data functions
String functions (regular expressions)
— regular expression (search) functions
String & binary functions
Vector functions
Model monitor functions
— functions that retrieve metrics from machine learning model monitors.
System functions
— functions that perform control operations or return system-level information.
Table functions
— functions that return results in tabular format.
Window functions
— functions that run analytic calculations, such as moving aggregations and rankings.
Data metric functions
— functions that enable data quality measurements for tables and views.
Stored procedures
— stored procedures to facilitate using certain Snowflake features.
