===== https://docs.devin.ai/get-started/devin-intro
TITLE: Introducing Devin - Devin Docs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Example Devin session, from prompt to PR
Devin is an autonomous AI software engineer that can write, run and test code. Devin can handle most tasks, excluding extremely difficult tasks. As a rule of thumb, if you can do it in three hours, Devin can most likely do it. Ask Devin to tackle Linear/Jira tickets, implement entirely new features, repro and fix bugs, build internal tools, and more!
See what’s new with Devin in our
release notes
!
In some cases Devin may not function exactly as referenced, or documentation may be out of date.
Already Signed Up? Get Started Now:
Browse use cases
What are Devin’s strengths?
Here are the types of tasks where Devin excels:
Tackling many tasks in parallel, before they end up in your backlog
Linear/Jira tickets
Entire features from scratch
Bug reports
App testing
Code migrations, refactors, and modernization
Language migrations (e.g. JavaScript to TypeScript)
Framework upgrades (e.g. Angular 16 -> 18)
Monorepo to submodule conversions
Removing unused feature flags
Extracting common code into libraries
Common, repetitive engineering tasks
PR Review
Codebase Q&A
Reproducing & fixing bugs
Writing unit tests
Maintaining documentation
Customer engineering support
Building new integrations and working with unfamiliar APIs
Creating customized demos
Prototyping solutions
Building internal tools
To get the best results from Devin:
Write clear prompts with explicit completion criteria — the clearer the task, the higher the success rate, especially for complex work.
Make tasks easy to verify — e.g. checking that CI passes or testing an automatic deployment.
For harder tasks, break them into well-scoped steps and provide relevant context or examples.
Follow our
best practices and pre-task checklist
The most successful workflows include:
Tagging Devin on a
Slack
or
Teams
thread about a bug you’re discussing with coworkers
Delegating a more complex task via the web application and taking over in Devin’s IDE once it gives you a good first draft.
Running
Devin for Terminal
in your local environment for quick fixes, code exploration, and interactive coding right from the command line — then using
/handoff
to send longer tasks to cloud Devin.
Carving out tasks from your todo list at the start of your day and returning to draft PRs waiting for review.
Devin is most effective when it’s part of your team and your existing workflow.
Devin in Slack
General Product Features
The Devin Interface
Devin is designed to be a conversational user interface, and allows you to follow and take over Devin’s development process in the embedded IDE. Devin is also available via the
Devin API
In Devin’s Workspace, you’ll find
developer tools
that Devin will use to complete your task.
Shell
Devin’s terminal, where you can watch commands being executed and view output logs. You can also copy the shell output for debugging purposes. To run commands directly, use the IDE’s shell.
IDE
Devin’s embedded code editor equipped with all the IDE tools and shortcuts you’re familiar with. Follow Devin’s work real-time and take over to run commands, make direct code edits or test Devin’s code.
Browser
Watch Devin browse through documentation, test web applications it builds, download/upload information, and more. You can jump in to help Devin navigate through browsing tasks via the Interactive Browser.
You can find Devin's tools in the sidebar or by clicking any progress steps in the session
Getting Access
To access Devin, sign up at
app.devin.ai
. Individual and Teams plans are available.
You can also install
Devin CLI
to use Devin directly from your command line:
curl
-fsSL
https://cli.devin.ai/install.sh
|
bash
If your company is already working with Cognition, you can request permissions from your Administrator or Cognition directly and access Devin via the web application at
app.devin.ai
Feedback
We’re learning and our customers’ input is crucial! You can share your feedback to
support@cognition.ai
via Slack Connect
(available to Teams users), or directly in the web app by clicking the
Help
(question mark) icon at the bottom of the sidebar and selecting
Contact support
We log all feedback provided by customers and use it to make quick improvements to Devin and inform our product priorities and roadmap.
Demo
To learn more check out our
blog
About Cognition
We are an applied AI lab building end-to-end software agents.
We’re building AI software engineers that help ambitious engineering teams crush their backlogs.

===== https://devin.ai/
TITLE: Devin: the autonomous software engineer
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Meet Devin, your team's autonomous software engineer
Devin runs in the cloud or on your machine, tests in its own browser, and won't stop until the PR is ready to merge
Get started
Book a demo
New session
Automations
Security
Review
Wiki
More
Sessions
Pinned
3
Add enterprise SSO
Add multi-region failover
Upgrade Node.js across services
Investigate API latency spike
Patch vulnerable dependencies
Fix failing checkout tests
Review authentication changes
Expand payment test coverage
Document service architecture
More
Participated
12
Review API changes
Optimize database queries
Fix failing checkout tests
More
Kenzo Park
Cognition
Add enterprise SSO
XL
Add SAML SSO for enterprise customers.
Follow our existing auth patterns and let admins configure it in organization settings. Keep email login working for everyone else.
Explored authentication across 3 repositories
Implemented SSO and organization settings
+
13
-
1
Devin
8:05 PM
Here’s the PR. Enterprise admins can now configure SSO in organization settings, and members can sign in through their identity provider.
I tested setup, sign-in, and account linking in the browser. Existing email login still works, and all checks pass.
Tested sign-in and account linking in the browser
5 tests passed
feat: Add SAML SSO for enterprise
acme/platform #2922
·
+
9
-
14
View PR
Added to the PR. Admins can require SSO once setup is verified. I also added tests for enforcement and recovery access.
Plan a feature, fix bugs, or perform a security scan
Ultra
PR Open
·
acme/platform
#2922
Add enterprise SSO
bwhuffman
main
enterprise-sso
12 files changed
+
8
-
14
Devin’s analysis
Adds SAML single sign-on for enterprise organizations. Admins can configure their identity provider, verify the connection, and require SSO from organization settings.
Test recording
on Mac OS X virtual environment
2/5
New session
Automations
Security
Review
Wiki
More
Sessions
Pinned
3
Add enterprise SSO
Add multi-region failover
Upgrade Node.js across services
Investigate API latency spike
Patch vulnerable dependencies
Fix failing checkout tests
Review authentication changes
Expand payment test coverage
Document service architecture
More
Participated
12
Review API changes
Optimize database queries
Fix failing checkout tests
More
Kenzo Park
Cognition
Add enterprise SSO
XL
Add SAML SSO for enterprise customers.
Follow our existing auth patterns and let admins configure it in organization settings. Keep email login working for everyone else.
Explored authentication across 3 repositories
Implemented SSO and organization settings
+
13
-
1
Devin
8:05 PM
Here’s the PR. Enterprise admins can now configure SSO in organization settings, and members can sign in through their identity provider.
I tested setup, sign-in, and account linking in the browser. Existing email login still works, and all checks pass.
Tested sign-in and account linking in the browser
5 tests passed
feat: Add SAML SSO for enterprise
acme/platform #2922
·
+
9
-
14
View PR
Added to the PR. Admins can require SSO once setup is verified. I also added tests for enforcement and recovery access.
Plan a feature, fix bugs, or perform a security scan
Ultra
PR Open
·
acme/platform
#2922
Add enterprise SSO
bwhuffman
main
enterprise-sso
12 files changed
+
8
-
14
Devin’s analysis
Adds SAML single sign-on for enterprise organizations. Admins can configure their identity provider, verify the connection, and require SSO from organization settings.
Test recording
on Mac OS X virtual environment
2/5
Your teammate’s favorite teammate
Selecting seat
Devin’s computer
Flag enabled; mobile viewport on enterprise child org
Testing 3/12
0:24
Ensure compatibility across various screen sizes and maintain usability features
0:36
Incorporate accessibility guidelines to enhance user experience for all
0:24
Render in light and dark themes
0:24
Test for offline mode
0:30
Loading screen improvement
0:45
User feedback integration
1:00
Sync error handling
1:15
Data retrieval optimization
1:30
Offline data storage enhancement
2:15
Real-time analytics integration
3:00
User interface optimization
Tests end to end on its own computer
Devin spins up its own Windows, Mac, and Linux virtual machines as needed to build, test in its browser, and record itself clicking through what it built
Search all models
Fusion
Ultra
Normal
Lite
All models
SWE-2
Fable 5.1
GPT-6 Astra
Grok 4.7
Gemini 3.8 Flash
Fusion
Pairs frontier intelligence with cost-efficient execution
Lead
Claude Fable 5.1
Effort
High
Sidekick
SWE-2 Medium
Fast mode
Fusion
Gets the best from every frontier model
Access frontier performance for up to 60% less. Devin mixes and matches models to get the most from each
Sessions
Weekly dependency upgrades
1 min
1
1
Upgrade React to 19.2
PR is ready
1
1
Bump Next.js to 16.3
PR is ready
1
1
Architecture rewrite
Working
·
56 hours
·
Notification panel UX
Review PR
1
Refactor artifact library
1 min
1
Update CSS styles for mobile responsiveness
5 min
1
Optimize images for faster loading
3 min

===== https://docs.devin.ai/product-guides/oidc
TITLE: Cloud Authentication with OIDC - Devin Docs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Devin can authenticate to cloud services using OpenID Connect (OIDC) workload identity federation instead of long-lived credentials. Each Devin session receives a short-lived identity token issued by Devin, which your cloud provider verifies and exchanges for temporary credentials. No static API keys or secrets need to be stored in Devin.
How it works
Every Devin session automatically receives a short-lived
identity token
, signed by Devin and refreshed for the lifetime of the session.
Your cloud provider verifies the token against Devin’s public OIDC issuer and grants temporary, scoped access.
Tokens identify the session through claims such as
org_id
devin_id
, and
requesting_user_email
, so you can write trust policies that grant access to your organization, or to specific sessions or users. Tokens expire automatically — there is nothing to rotate or revoke.
Setup actions
Add the relevant action to the
initialize
section of your
environment blueprint
:
Action
Purpose
setup-aws-oidc
AWS CLI and SDK auth via IAM
AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity
setup-gcp-oidc
gcloud and Google Cloud SDK auth via Workload Identity Federation
setup-vault-oidc
HashiCorp Vault CLI auth via the JWT/OIDC auth method
setup-jfrog-oidc
JFrog CLI auth via JFrog’s OIDC token exchange
setup-devin-oidc
Base
devin-oidc
CLI, for services that trust Devin as an identity provider
Example: AWS
initialize
:
-
uses
:
github.com/CognitionAI/actions/setup-aws-oidc@main
with
:
role-arn
:
"arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/devin-sessions"
region
:
"us-east-1"
Devin can then run AWS commands without any stored credentials:
aws
sts
get-caller-identity
See the
setup-aws-oidc
documentation
for the full AWS-side prerequisites and configuration options.
Example: GCP
initialize
:
-
uses
:
github.com/CognitionAI/actions/setup-gcp-oidc@main
with
:
workload-identity-provider
:
"projects/123456789/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/devin/providers/devin-oidc"
service-account
:
"devin@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
project
:
"my-project"
gcloud and the Google Cloud client libraries then authenticate automatically through Workload Identity Federation:
gcloud
storage
ls
gcloud
auth
print-access-token
See the
setup-gcp-oidc
documentation
for the full GCP-side prerequisites (workload identity pool and provider setup) and configuration options.
Example: custom services
For your own APIs and internal services, use the base CLI to request a token for any audience your service accepts:
devin-oidc
token
--audience
my-api
--subject-keys
"org_id"
Configure your service to trust Devin’s OIDC issuer and verify tokens against its published JWKS at
/.well-known/jwks.json
. The issuer is your Devin webapp origin —
https://app.devin.ai
, or your own domain for enterprise deployments (e.g.
https://yourdomain.devinenterprise.com
).
For a worked example of this pattern with a third-party platform, see
Connect Devin to Databricks
, which federates a Databricks service principal to Devin’s issuer and wraps the Databricks CLI so each call carries a fresh token.
Token claims
Tokens carry the following identity claims, which you can reference in trust policies and use to compose the token subject via
subject-keys
. The subject is built from
key:value
pairs of the selected claims — for example,
--subject-keys "org_id"
(the default) produces a subject like
org_id:a67b8de8-9483-4a9c-9662-51c3d2a45e88
Claim
Description
org_id
Organization the session was launched in
account_id
Account (enterprise or single-org customer) identifier
devin_id
The Devin session ID
devin_trigger
How the session was started (e.g.
webapp
slack
api
)
requesting_user_id
/
requesting_user_email
The user who started the session
service_user_id
Service user, for API-initiated sessions
Security properties
No long-lived credentials
: tokens are short-lived and refreshed automatically; nothing needs to be rotated or revoked when a session ends.
Scoped access
: audience-scoped tokens are only valid for the specific service they were requested for, and your trust policies control exactly which identities can be granted access.
Auditable identity
: tokens carry the session, organization, and requesting user, so cloud-side audit logs attribute every action to a specific Devin session.
Enterprise deployments with custom domains have a dedicated per-account signing key, and the token issuer is your custom Devin URL. Contact your Devin administrator or Cognition support for your issuer URL and organization ID.

===== https://docs.devin.ai/api-reference/overview
TITLE: API Overview - Devin Docs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

The Devin API enables you to integrate Devin into your applications, automate workflows, and build powerful tools. Use
service users
with role-based access control for secure, auditable API access.
Getting started
Teams quick start
For teams and standard organizations. Create a service user and make your first API call in minutes.
Enterprise quick start
For enterprise customers with RBAC, multi-org support, and advanced permissions.
Which path should I choose?
Most customers should start with the Teams quick start. Choose Enterprise if you manage multiple organizations, use SSO, or need custom roles and RBAC.
API structure
The API is organized into two scopes:
Organization API
Base URL:
https://api.devin.ai/v3/organizations/*
For managing resources within a single organization — sessions, knowledge, playbooks, secrets, and more. This is where most integrations start.
Enterprise API
Base URL:
https://api.devin.ai/v3/enterprise/*
For cross-organization management — analytics, audit logs, user management, billing, and infrastructure. Available to enterprise customers.
Both scopes use service user credentials (
cog_
prefix). See
Authentication
for setup.
Session attribution
Service users are separate identities from human users, but you can
create sessions on behalf of any user
in your organization using the
create_as_user_id
parameter. This means sessions appear in that user’s session list and count toward their usage — just like they created it themselves.
curl
-X
POST
"https://api.devin.ai/v3/organizations/
$DEVIN_ORG_ID
/sessions"
\
-H
"Authorization: Bearer
$DEVIN_API_KEY
"
\
-H
"Content-Type: application/json"
\
-d
'{
"prompt": "Fix the login bug in issue #42",
"create_as_user_id": "user_abc123"
}'
Coming from personal API keys?
In v1/v2, personal API keys automatically created sessions as your user. With v3, use a service user +
create_as_user_id
for the same behavior — with the added benefit of RBAC, audit trails, and centralized key management. The service user’s role must include
ImpersonateOrgSessions
permission.
You can also authenticate directly as your user with a
Personal Access Token
— no service user or
create_as_user_id
needed. Sessions are automatically attributed to you.
You can find user IDs with the
List organization users
endpoint (beta, organization-scoped service user) or the enterprise
List users
endpoint. Both return only users with direct role assignments. For users whose membership comes from IDP groups, use
List organization IDP group users
or its
enterprise equivalent
Legacy APIs (v1 and v2)
The v1 and v2 APIs continue to work during the deprecation period but do not receive new features. We recommend migrating to the current API for role-based access control, session attribution, and new capabilities.
v1 API documentation
— session management with legacy API keys
v2 API documentation
— enterprise management with legacy API keys
Migration guide
— step-by-step migration from v1/v2
Error handling
All APIs use standard HTTP status codes:
200 OK
: Successful request
201 Created
: Resource created successfully
400 Bad Request
: Invalid request parameters
401 Unauthorized
: Missing or invalid API key
403 Forbidden
: Insufficient permissions
404 Not Found
: Resource not found
429 Too Many Requests
: Rate limit exceeded
500 Internal Server Error
: Server error
Support
For questions about the API or to report issues, email
support@cognition.ai

===== https://docs.devin.ai/work-with-devin/browser-auth
TITLE: Devin browser authentication - Devin Docs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Devin often needs to be logged into web apps — your staging environment, an admin dashboard, a SaaS tool — before it can do useful work. Instead of repeating a login every session, log in once and have Devin save the browser profile so all future sessions start authenticated.
Saving a browser profile writes to the organization-level blueprint, so Devin only offers the
save_browser_profile
tool in sessions started by a user with the
Manage Org Blueprints
permission. It is included in the default
org_member
and
org_admin
roles; see
Custom roles
The workflow
1
Log in manually in the Interactive Browser
Open the
Desktop
tab in the session and drive the browser yourself: complete the login, including SSO redirects, MFA prompts, and CAPTCHAs. See
Interactive Browser
2
Ask Devin to save the browser profile
Say
“save the browser profile”
or
“persist my login sessions”
. Devin calls its
save_browser_profile
tool, which zips the browser data directory (cookies,
localStorage
, and other Chrome profile data) and attaches it to your organization’s blueprint as a file. Other phrasings work too — “save browser cookies”, “remember my browser logins”, “keep my browser state”, “save the browser to my snapshot”.
3
Approve the blueprint update
Devin proposes a one-time update to the
organization-level
blueprint
, adding an
initialize
step named
Initialize browser profile
that unzips the saved profile into the browser data directory. Review it in your timeline and approve it.
4
Future sessions start authenticated
Every new session in the organization restores that browser state during setup, so Devin’s browser is already logged in when the session starts. No further approvals needed.
The restore step is a normal blueprint
initialize
step, referencing the profile zip through a
$FILE_BROWSER_PROFILE
file attachment
:
# Restore saved browser profile from org blueprint files
if
[
-f
"
$FILE_BROWSER_PROFILE
"
];
then
mkdir
-p
/home/ubuntu/.browser_data_dir
unzip
-o
"
$FILE_BROWSER_PROFILE
"
-d
/home/ubuntu/.browser_data_dir
fi
To refresh expired sessions, log in again and ask Devin to save the profile again — the tool replaces the existing step rather than adding a second one.
Limitations and security
Saved profiles are
organization-level
, not per-repository. Anyone in your organization can start a session that loads the profile, including the logins, cookies, and session tokens it contains. Only save profiles for accounts your whole organization is allowed to use — prefer a dedicated service account over a personal one.
No browser extensions.
Only profile data is restored. Extension-based tools (for example, MetaMask) are not loaded, so flows that depend on an extension won’t work.
Saved passwords are excluded.
Chrome’s password store is skipped, along with caches — so the profile carries session state, not credentials. Store credentials as
Secrets
instead.
Size limit.
The profile zip must be under 200 MB.
Sessions still expire.
Cookies restored from the profile expire on the app’s normal schedule; re-save the profile when they do.
Alternatives
Approach
Best for
Save browser profile
Logins that are hard to script — SSO, MFA, CAPTCHAs — where clicking through once is easiest
Playwright login script
in
.agents/skills/
Scriptable logins and injecting arbitrary browser state such as
localStorage
keys, per repository and versioned in git
Secrets
API tokens and credentials Devin uses from the shell or from a login script

===== https://docs.devin.ai/enterprise/getting-started/get-started
TITLE: Getting Started with Devin Enterprise - Devin Docs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Overview
Devin Enterprise gives you fine-grained control over admin, security, and provisioning of individual users. This guide walks you through setting up Devin Enterprise, including environment configuration, tool integration, and account provisioning.
Devin’s setup process mirrors the onboarding of a new engineer—it requires access to the same services and tools as your development team.
This guide does not cover
Devin’s deployment
. For deployment details, refer to the
Deployment Guide
Understanding Organizations
Organizations in Devin Enterprise are logical groupings that provide structure and boundaries for your development teams. Each organization operates as a self-contained unit with its own shared Devin machine, repository access, and member permissions.
Learn More About Organizations
Dive deeper into organization structure, planning patterns, and best practices for mapping your teams to Devin organizations.
Creating Organizations
You can create multiple organizations within your enterprise to segment teams, projects, or departments.
To create an organization:
Go to
Enterprise Settings > Organizations
Click
Create organization
Enter an
Organization name
, optionally set a monthly ACU limit and select initial members, then click
Create
Create organization
Members and Roles
User Roles
There are three types of default users on Devin Enterprise, each with varying levels of permissions.
Role
Permissions
Enterprise Admins
- Full access to all enterprise settings
- Create organizations
- Invite individuals to organizations
- Connect source code repository to account
- Manage billing
Organization Admins
- Invite members to their organization
Members
- Use Devin and have full access within their organization
- Execute Devin sessions
Custom Roles
For more granular access control, Devin Enterprise supports
Custom Roles & RBAC
. You can create custom roles with specific permissions at both the organization level (controlling access within a specific organization) and account level (applying across the entire enterprise).
IdP Groups
Custom roles can be automatically assigned based on SSO IdP group membership. See
IdP Group Integration
for detailed configuration steps.
Adding Members
After creating an organization, you can add members and assign them to specific organizations.
Navigate to
Enterprise Settings > Membership
and select the
Members
tab
Click
Invite members
Enter the email address of each user you’d like to invite
Users will receive an email invitation to join your Devin organization.
Add Member
Managing Member Access
To manage member access to organizations:
Go to
Enterprise Settings > Membership
and select the
Members
tab
Use the checkbox next to a user’s name to select one or more users
Use the action buttons at the bottom of the page (
Change role
Add organizations
Remove organizations
, or
Remove
) to manage the selected users
Manage Members
To verify which organizations a user belongs to, click the organization count (e.g., “2 organizations”) in the table to expand and view their organization memberships.
Member Organizations
Single Sign-On (SSO)
Your enterprise admin can set up authentication to Devin via SSO. We support:
Okta
Microsoft Entra ID
SAML
OIDC (Generic)
Integrations
Source Code Access
Your enterprise admin must connect source code using one of our supported integrations. This can be done in
Enterprise Settings > Connected Accounts
:
GitHub
GitHub Enterprise
GitLab
Bitbucket
Azure DevOps
Manage Integrations
Managing Repository Permissions
Learn how to grant organizations access to specific repositories or entire GitHub groups using Group and Repository Permissions.
Slack & Microsoft Teams Integration
Tag @Devin directly in Slack channels or Microsoft Teams to start sessions, ask questions, and collaborate with your team. Devin responds in-thread with updates and can be controlled using inline keywords like
!ask
mute
, and
sleep
. See the
Slack integration guide
or
Microsoft Teams integration guide
for setup instructions.
GitHub PR Comments
Comment
/devin <prompt>
on any open pull request in a connected GitHub repository to start a Devin session on that PR, or
/devin review
to trigger a Devin Review. See
Start Devin from a PR comment
Next Steps
Deployment Options
Explore deployment models including Enterprise Cloud and Customer Dedicated Deployment.
Security & Compliance
Learn about Devin’s security practices, data privacy, and compliance certifications.
Use Cases
Browse practical examples across engineering workflows.
For enterprise-level setup and support, contact our
Enterprise Sales Team

===== https://docs.devin.ai/get-started/first-run
TITLE: Your First Session - Devin Docs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-28

Before you start your first session, make sure you’ve
indexed
and
set up
your repositories. These are the foundational steps that help Devin understand and work with your codebase.
Now that you’re all set up, kick off your first Devin session! This guide will walk you through the new session interface and help you understand the best ways to interact with Devin.
Prefer working from your terminal?
Devin CLI
lets you start sessions right from the command line. Install in 2 minutes with
curl -fsSL https://cli.devin.ai/install.sh | bash
Understanding the Devin Session Page
When you start a new session, you’ll see two primary modes:
Ask
and
Agent
Unless you already have a fully scoped plan, we recommend starting with Ask to work with Devin on constructing a plan, then moving to Agent mode to execute it.
Ask Mode
Ask Devin
is a lightweight mode for exploring your codebase and planning tasks with Devin, without making changes to the actual code. Ask Devin now supports both asking questions and planning:
Ask questions
about how your code works. Uses advanced code search to produce detailed, accurate, and well-cited answers.
Plan tasks
by scoping and planning work before implementation. Devin generates context-rich prompts for Agent sessions.
When you start a Devin session from Ask Devin, the session status is visible directly in the conversation.
Triggering Ask Mode
You can trigger Ask mode from the main page or from a DeepWiki page.
For Ask mode from the main page, toggle to Ask mode and select the repository/repositories you want to ask about.
For Ask mode from a DeepWiki page, type a query in the chat input at the bottom of the page and click Ask. This will automatically scope Devin’s knowledge to that repository specifically.
Learn more in our
Ask Devin guide
Once you’ve worked with Devin to understand the problem and create a plan, you’re ready to move to Agent mode.
Agent Mode
Agent mode is Devin’s full autonomous mode where it can write code, run commands, browse the web, and complete complex tasks end-to-end. Use Agent mode when you’re ready to:
Implement features or fix bugs
Create pull requests
Run tests and debug issues
Perform multi-step tasks that require code changes
Triggering Agent Mode
You can trigger Agent mode from the main page or from an Ask Devin session. When a session is started from Ask Devin, its status is displayed in the Ask Devin conversation so you can track progress.
For tasks that are not fully scoped, we recommend:
Start with
Ask mode
to plan out the task
Construct a Devin Prompt
, which will draw from your Ask session to create a scoped plan
Click
Send to Devin
to move to Agent mode and execute the task
This flow is shown below:
For Agent mode from the main page, toggle to Agent mode and select the repository/repositories you want to work with.
When starting an Agent session, you’ll configure a few options: selecting a Repository and selecting an Agent.
Selecting a Repository
Select the repository you want Devin to work with. Click the repository selector to see all repositories that have been
added to Devin’s machine
Selecting a repository ensures Devin:
Has access to your codebase and can make changes
Uses the correct branch as a starting point
Can create pull requests to the right repository
Selecting an Agent
You can choose which agent configuration Devin uses for your session. Different agents may have different capabilities or be optimized for specific types of tasks.
Available agents include:
Devin
(default) — A general-purpose AI software engineer for building features, fixing bugs, refactoring code, and most development tasks.
Fast Mode
— An optimized mode for quick, well-scoped tasks.
Data Analyst
(DANA) — A data analyst agent optimized for querying databases, analyzing data, and creating visualizations. To use it, open the
Mode
submenu in the agent picker and select
Data
If you’re unsure which agent to use, the default Devin agent works well for most tasks.
You don’t need to start a new session to change modes. You can switch the agent mid-session using the agent toggle next to the message input on the session page — the change takes effect with your next message. In Slack, you can switch modes mid-session by starting a message with
!ultra
!fast
!lite
!fusion
!swe
, or
!normal
(see
Slack mode keywords
).
Using @ Mentions
Use
@
mentions to give Devin specific context about files, repositories, or other resources. When you type
@
in the chat input, you’ll see a dropdown of available mentions:
@Repos
- Reference a specific repository
@Files
- Reference a specific file in your codebase
@Macros
- Reference a macro for a Knowledge entry
@Playbooks
- Reference a team or community playbook, which are detailed prompt templates that can be used to guide Devin’s behavior
@Skills
- Reference a skill defined in your repository (reusable procedures committed as
SKILL.md
files)
@Secrets
- Reference a specific secret (e.g. API keys, credentials, etc.) f
