===== https://www.copper.com/
TITLE: CRM Software Solutions Company for Service Businesses | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Google Workspace
Activity Feed
Sales & Projects
Mobile App
Copper is trusted by 30,000+ companies of all sizes
"I work in consulting and
keeping my tech stack small is important
. I don't want to spend all day clicking between apps just to get work done.
Copper's smooth integration
with
Gmail
is a godsend."
Kristen S
CEO
Orderology
Connect
Win
Deliver
Repeat
Connect with leads
Whether it's referrals, paid ads, events or organic, wherever your leads come from, Copper can collect and take immediate action.
Add every lead
Use our contact form for website visitors, or scan business cards at events.
Email series & automations
Respond instantly to form submissions and send welcome or follow up emails.
Google Workspace
Add leads, track conversations, find files or manage tasks directly in Gmail and Google Calendar.
LinkedIn
Research and add prospects on LinkedIn (or any website) without switching tabs.
Win deals
Know where every lead is at in your sales process and move opportunities to the next stage. Sort by value, understand the win probability, and identify slipping deals.
Pipelines
Make sales more visual using drag-and-drop pipelines with AI-powered flags and alerts.
Pipeline automations
Automatically trigger emails or reminders when you move an opportunity to the next stage.
Reporting
Create custom reports to project revenue, identify customer trends, view team activity, and more.
Contracts & proposals
Draft in Google Docs, or integrate with tools like PandaDoc, DocuSign and QuickBooks for a seamless sales process.
Deliver projects
Kick off a new project directly from a closed opportunity. Say goodbye to handoff documents, your entire team can finally live in a single tool.
Project management
Duplicate your closed deals into a project to handle service delivery, onboarding and more.
Tasks
Assign tasks and follow-ups from a centralized task lists, or within projects.
Task & workflow automation
Stop doing admin work. Log calls, meetings, asks and activities without lifting a finger.
Collaboration
Bring the whole family – sales, project managers, creatives, finance, contractors and more.
Create repeat business
Loyal customers fuel long-term success. Stay engaged, follow up with ease, and never miss an opportunity to reconnect.
Feed
Get a bird's-eye view of your team's activity across customer emails, projects, tasks and more.
Rekindle emails
Reconnect with contacts you haven't heard from in a while. Automatically.
Get feedback
Once a project wraps up, automatically send a follow-up email to request a review or referral.
Mobile app
Move relationships forward while you're on the go.
Templates
Not sure where to start?
We’ve got templates for that
From AI email responses, to pipeline and form templates. Start with one of ours or create your own to save time.
Customization
Customize the info you track
Create your own labels, tags, owners, and more, so everyone has context and everything stays organized.
Mobile app
Stay connected wherever you go
Log calls and SMS automatically so every interaction is tracked and accounts are always up to date.
Integrations
Connect the tools you’re already using
Copper's powerful integrations seamlessly connect with your favorite tools to bring in even more customer information.
"With Copper{{copper}}, there was
almost no setup time
since it worked with Gmail{{gmail}}. Plus, there were all these
integrations
that we could use right away. We were sold."
Learn how Polymath uses Copper
"The Gmail integration is my favorite Copper feature. It makes it easy to add new leads, people, etc... I also love the task tool and how it integrates with Gmail and Calendar."
Atira R.
"I love the Google plugin. My business uses Google Workspace for just about everything we do, and the Copper + Google Workspace integration is fantastic."
Daniel K.
"Copper keeps track of all correspondence with your customers. It also sends you reminders via email and allows you to email your work colleagues. The layout is very user-friendly, and the information is accessible."
Kilian E.
"Got introduced to Copper for a CRM and it's chef's kiss. It naturally integrates with Google Workspace and has a cute little inbox plug in."
Selena B.
"As a small business I love that Copper can keep my emails and tasks organized. The large CRM platforms were too much. As my day is all email, Copper is just what I need."
Liane C.
"Copper CRM helps keep me focused and organized with my business. The pricing is fair and customer service has been great too. I've used it since 2016...and highly recommend it!"
Kevin L.
"I love the fact that it integrates perfectly with Google Workspace. This has been an amazing experience for me since I’m always using Gmail, Drive, and Calendar."
Otisa E.
"Great CRM for Gmail users. Copper's unique angle is that it is tightly integrated with Gmail - so as you're emailing contacts, you can easily add those people and opportunities into y

===== https://developer.copper.com
TITLE: Getting started - Copper Developer API
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Copper Developer API
¶
The Copper Web API allows you to access and build your own applications that interact with Copper in more complex ways than the integrations we provide out of the box.
The Copper Developer API ("Dev API") provides a RESTful interface with JSON-formatted responses to access most Copper resources. We are continuously working on expanding our API functionality, so stay tuned!
Changelog 🆕
¶
We have added a public changelog, please click
here
.
Domain Update ⚠️
¶
Please note that we've recently updated our domain to reflect an earlier application rebranding.
Our developer api can be found at
https://api.copper.com/developer_api/
, previously it was at
https://api.prosperworks.com/developer_api/
.
We are currently supporting auto-redirects for requests being made to the old domain and will continue to do so until early 2022.
Please update your Dev API requests with the new domain as soon as possible.
Change Policy
¶
Our Developer API Change Policy is available
here
.
This policy defines how we will continue to support and maintain this Developer API going forward.
Postman Resources
¶
To easily interact with the Copper Developer API, you may download our:
Postman Collection
Postman Environment
Import the Collection
¶
To import the collection, open Postman and click Import, then select "Import From Link"
Copy & Paste the following link and press the "Import" button:
https://developer.copper.com/download/copper_postman_collection.json
Import and Use the Environment
¶
To import the environment, open Postman and click Import, then select "Import From Link"
Copy & Paste the following link and press the "Import" button:
https://developer.copper.com/download/copper_postman_environment.json
After importing the environment, set it as your active environment in the top right-hand corner:

===== https://www.copper.com/pricing
TITLE: Pricing | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Usage
Contacts
Companies
Tasks
Projects & processes
Sales opportunities
Leads
Custom fields
Support
Live chat
Ask questions with a real person via our in-app chat
Help Center
Office Hours & Webinars
Drop in to an interactive webinar hosted by a member of our Customer Success Team. Bring your specific questions, or listen in for tips shared with Copper customers
Personal onboarding
Work with an onboarding consultant to set up your Copper account. For eligible Business & Professional annual tier accounts
Premium support
Work with a customer success manager to develop success plans. For eligible Business & Professional annual tier accounts
Mobile Apps
iOS & Android
Google Workspace integrations
Google Chrome extension
Bring Copper natively into Gmail and Google Calendar on desktop
Gmail email, contact, and file sync
Send and receive emails wherever you work
Google Calendar sync
Create and manage calendar events with Copper
Google Contact Sync
Automatically capture contact information from those you're talking to
Google Drive integration
Link documents from Google Drive in Copper records
Google Sheets & Looker Studio integration
Directly sync your Copper data for complex reporting
Productivity
Notes, activities & tasks
Take detailed notes as you work for added context
File uploading
Easily view, manage, and send files
Team collaboration
Reminders
Never forget or miss a todo with helpful nudges
Contact & teammate suggestions
Global activity feed
AI email template generator
Craft templates in your brand’s voice for any use case. Add dynamic merge fields for instant personalization
AI email re-writer
Make emails clearer or more engaging with AI-powered edits
Task automation
Automatically create a new task after an action takes place in Copper
Workflow automation
Integrations
Our partnership with
allows you to connect Copper to
5,000+ other apps
for workflow automation
Zapier
LinkedIn
Add contacts from LinkedIn to Copper in 1-click
MailChimp
Sync contacts from Copper to MailChimp email campaigns
DocuSign
Auto-fill templates that make it easy to send and sign e-documents
QuickBooks
See any QuickBooks invoice status and amount on any record
PandaDocs
JustCall
RingCentral
Slack
Receive important Copper notifications in any Slack channel
Zendesk
View support tickets on related records
API & Embedded integration SDK
Communication
Email templates & merge fields
Improve consistency when you answer frequent questions, greet new customers or promote your services
Bulk email
Send emails with personalized messages to multiple recipients
Email automation
Email open tracking
Email click tracking
Email series
Contact Forms
Forms
Remove Copper branding
"Powered by Copper" will not appear on your form
Sales
Customizable sales pipelines
Sales pipeline templates
Deal management
Stay on top of hot deals with Copper's recommendations, which suggest next steps based on upcoming meetings, tasks and overdue email responses
Revenue tracking
Projects
Customizable project pipelines
Project pipeline templates
Reporting
Activity report
Get visibility into your team's day-to-day activities
Pipeline reports
Custom reports
Build insights from scratch across all Copper data
Admin
Data import & export
Migrate or update existing records, or export data for in-depth reporting
Sign in with Google
Team permissions
Restrict access to records and reports
Single sign-on (Okta)
Multi-currency
Report on multiple currencies and get real time currency conversions
2,500
25
15,000
50
Unlimited
Unlimited
"Copper CRM helps keep me focused and organized with my business. The pricing is fair and customer service has been great too. I've used it since 2016...and highly recommend it!"
Kevin L.
"The Gmail integration is my favorite Copper feature. It makes it easy to add new leads, people, etc... I also love the task tool and how it integrates with Gmail and Calendar."
Atira R.
"Great CRM for Gmail users. Copper's unique angle is that it is tightly integrated with Gmail - so as you're emailing contacts, you can easily add those people and opportunities into your CRM. This makes it very easy to use which saves a lot of time and makes CRM updates less of a chore."
Andrew W.
"I love the Google plugin. My business uses Google Workspace for just about everything we do, and the Copper + Google Workspace integration is fantastic."
Daniel K.
"I love the fact that it integrates perfectly with Google Workspace. This has been an amazing experience for me since I’m always using Gmail, Drive, and Calendar."
Otisa E.
"As a small business I love that Copper can keep my emails and tasks organized. The large CRM platforms were too much. As my day is all email, Copper is just what I need."
Liane C.
"Copper keeps track of all correspondence with your customers. It also sends you reminders via email and allows you to email your work colleagues. The layout is very user-friendly, and the information is accessible."

===== https://www.copper.com/signup
TITLE: Signup | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

"The best project management tool and CRM"
— Daniel C, Sales and Marketing Specialist
"Easy to use and great CRM"
— Federico M, Commercial Director and Financial Services
"The best CRM if you use Google Workspace products!"
— Erik V, Manager, Marketing and Advertising
Start your free trial.
Free 14-day trial
No credit card required
Continue with Google
Copper only works with Gmail & Google Workspace.
By signing up, I agree to Copper’s
privacy policy
&
terms of service.

===== https://www.copper.com/contact
TITLE: Contact Us | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Support
We have a support portal that has the answers to dozens of the most common questions about Copper!
Check it out here.
If you don't find what you need, please chat us through the Copper app.
Sales
Interested in learning more about Copper? Contact our product experts at
sales@copper.com
.
Business Development
Are you a reseller, affiliate, or association that would like to partner with Copper? Get connected with our Partner team at
partners@copper.com.
General Questions
Have a general question for us? Contact us at
info@copper.com.
LET’S CHAT
Who do you need to get in touch with?

===== https://www.copper.com/partners
TITLE: Partners | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Copper is trusted by 30,000+
companies of all sizes
‍
You live in Google Workspace. So should your CRM.
Are you an agency, content creator or service provider that focuses on small to medium size businesses? We want to partner with you! Whether you provide support in sales, marketing, development, IT, or simply manage a review site, we can help you scale your business.
Referral partners
Ideal for consultants who advise small business clients on CRM and productivity tools. Earn a 15% commission on both monthly and annual Copper subscriptions.
Affiliate partners
Perfect for content creators who recommend business tools to a broad audience. Earn competitive CPC or CPL commissions for driving traffic and leads.
Integration partners
Best for SaaS companies that want to integrate with Copper. We support natively embedded apps, API integrations, co-marketing, marketplace listings, and more.
"
As a Copper partner (and customer) for 8+ years, we’ve seen it all, and we can confidently say that Copper is the
best CRM
on the market for Google Workspace users. We’ve recommended and implemented Copper into hundreds of businesses over the past decade. To get the nitty gritty on specifically why we love it, check out our full
Copper CRM review.
"
Alex Bass & Andra Vomir
Founders, Efficient App
Frequently asked questions
Can’t find the answer here?
‍
Chat with support.
What is Copper?
Copper is a CRM built for businesses that run on Google Workspace. It’s designed to look and feel like the Google apps you already use, so your team can manage relationships, track pipelines, and run projects without ever leaving Gmail, Calendar, or Drive. Unlike traditional CRMs, Copper is lightweight, intuitive, and quick to adopt—no data entry headaches or steep learning curves.
Are there any costs involved?
No there isn't a cost to join, we just require that partners purchase once business license if a demo account is needed. We offer a discount on our listed price.
What makes Copper CRM specifically designed for Google Workspace?
Copper CRM is the premier choice for Google Workspace, offering seamless integration with Gmail, Calendar, and Drive. As the only CRM recommended for Google Workspace, it automates Gmail activity, enhances collaboration, and simplifies contact management. Copper's unique alignment with Google's tools sets it apart as the go-to CRM solution.
How does Copper integrate with Google Workspace
Copper is proud to be a Google Partner, a Recommended for Google Workspace app, and a Google-backed company. Our native Google Workspace integration is built around ease of use for our customers. Behind the scenes, Copper integrates with Gmail, Google Contacts, Google Drive and Google Calendar to sync the emails, files and calendar invites sent between your customers/prospects and team. From there, Copper’s Chrome extension layers in additional productivity tools directly into your Gmail and Google Calendar, so you never have to switch tabs. Copper also integrates with Google Sheets, Google Data Studio, Google Forms and Google Chat for even more seamless workflows.
Does Copper work with Microsoft 365?
Copper is deeply integrated with Google Workspace and is the only CRM recommended by Google. Because of that focus, Copper does not currently offer a native integration with Microsoft 365.
Can I offer Copper CRM alongside other CRM solutions?
Of course, we're not gate keepers. We're purpose-built for Google Workspace, so it makes sense for you to have alternative CRMs for other clients.
How soon can I start earning revenue after joining the referral program?
You can start earning revenue with Copper's referral program immediately after joining. With monthly payouts and a 90-day tracking cookie, your earnings are calculated and paid regularly, ensuring a consistent revenue stream.
How do I apply, and what is the selection process for the referral and solutions partner programs?
Apply for Copper's referral and solutions partner program by filling out the form; our team will follow up. The straightforward selection process requires a monthly check-in for the first 3 months, onboarding 1 client in 4 months, and completing a short course on Copper within the first month.
Apply for the Copper Partner Program
Ready to take the next step? Join us and experience the benefits of Copper CRM firsthand.
Apply today

===== https://www.copper.com/automate-sales
TITLE: Automate Sales with Copper CRM | Boost Efficiency & Close More Deals | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Copper is trusted by 30,000+
companies of all sizes
Email automations
Effortlessly build relationships with automation that connects, follows up, and re-engages quiet contacts.
Workflow automations
Move your closed deals into a project to handle service delivery, onboarding, partnerships and more.
Task automations
Assign tasks and follow-ups from a centralized task lists, or within projects.
"
Copper’s automation features have completely changed the game for us.
Follow-ups, tasks, even email outreach—it all runs on autopilot."
Alex B.
Sales Manager
Speed to lead
From form fill to opportunity
Add a Copper form to your website to capture new leads, automatically send them a personalized follow-up email, and create a new sales opportunity.
Task automation
What's next? Your next task is already queued up
Use task automation to create tasks based on your team's repeating work, so you never forget to take the next step.
Calculations
Let Copper do the math
Create automations that calculate profits, commissions, and more. Feed the right metrics into Copper's reporting suite for more visibility.
Rekindle emails
Automated follow-ups that feel one-on-one
Set up automatic friendly follow-ups that keeps leads warm. Copper sends gentle nudges that feel personal, not pushy.
"Copper fits the way we work —
it’s not overly complicated
, but it’s
powerful
enough to
manage everything from first contact to project delivery.
"
Learn how Kontent Partners uses Copper
Recurring tasks
Create a recurring task, set the frequency, and get reminders as it approaches.
Pipeline flags
Spot bottlenecks and surface high-value opportunities that need your attention.
Email & file capture
Effortlessly sync Gmail emails, files, and contacts to Copper, keeping your full relationship history in one place.
Auto-enriched profiles
Copper automatically enriches contact profiles with up-to-date company information, social profiles, and more.
Suggested contacts
Copper scrapes your email history to suggest new leads and contacts to add to the system.
Email automation
Send targeted email series to contacts when they fill out a form, reach a pipeline stage, or go silent too long.
All your essential apps
Copper's powerful integrations seamlessly connect with your favorite tools, unlocking a whole new level of functionality.
Learn more
LinkedIn
Add new contacts to Copper from LinkedIn with one click, then automatically add them to a lead generation pipeline.
Phone solutions
Integrate your phone system to call contacts, track conversations and share call transcripts.
"I love the automation. It's been a helpful tool in setting reminders and making sure I am following up with contacts."
Jane D
"It integrates with Google Drive and Slack perfectly, meaning we can automate what was previously a gamut of annoying manual tasks."
Chris A
"Copper is a great tool. It has been an amazing resource for organizing clients, projects, tasks, emails, much more."
John S
"I LOVE Copper. It holds all the information we need to take care of clients seamlessly through the whole process."
Pamela N
"It adds to our daily routine workflow for communication and almost makes CRM automatic."
Sherry Z
"Copper is a great tool. It has been an amazing resource for organizing clients, projects, tasks, emails, much more."
John S
"I love the automation. It's been a helpful tool in setting reminders and making sure I am following up with contacts."
Jane D
"It adds to our daily routine workflow for communication and almost makes CRM automatic."
Sherry Z
"It integrates with Google Drive and Slack perfectly, meaning we can automate what was previously a gamut of annoying manual tasks."
Chris A
"I LOVE Copper. It holds all the information we need to take care of clients seamlessly through the whole process."
Pamela N
Get started for free
.
Take Copper for a spin first. Pay and add your team later.
Try Copper free
Get a demo
Free 14-day trial
No credit card required
Instant activation

===== https://www.copper.com/manage-contacts
TITLE: Manage contacts inside Gmail with Copper CRM | Copper CRM
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Copper is trusted by 30,000+
companies of all sizes
Contact forms
Collect new leads and create opportunities from your website with custom fields for budgets, interests, and more.
Business card scanner
Snap a photo of a business card, anytime, anywhere and Copper will create a new contact.
Chrome extension
Copper makes suggestions on new contacts it finds in Gmail and Google Calendar.
"What I like best about Copper{{copper}}is its
seamless integration with Gmail Workspace
. It feels like an extension of Gmail{{gmail}}, making it
incredibly intuitive
for teams already using Google tools.
Very easy to use and user friendly.
"
John D
in Marketing and Advertising
Contact enrichment
Skip manual data entry
AI automatically enriches new contact records, gathering details like phone numbers, email addresses, and social media so you can say goodbye to entering that all by hand!
Customization
Customize the info you track
Tag, filter and create fields for leads and contacts based on any criteria.
Visibility
Keep track of all touch points
Get the big picture (and all the little details!). Copper tracks and displays a live activity feed of every interaction on your contacts’ profiles.
Organize
Organize every professional relationship
Freelancers, journalists, vendors, clients... the list goes on. Copper makes keeping track of every business relationship effortless.
"There was
a lot of flexibility
with Copper, and I knew that it could be built upon. We could have a simple pipeline today and a complex pipeline or multiple pipelines in the future… It’s
very scalable.
"
Learn how Campfire labs uses Copper
Favorites
Have super-important accounts? Star them to make sure you get notified about updates.
Email click tracking
Easily monitor when a hot lead or customer clicks on links in your email, so you can send timely follow-ups.
Custom fields
Want to track more specific data about your contacts? Add custom fields to record special details.
Activity feed
See exactly what’s going on with a real-time feed of all the contact and account activities.
Auto-enriched profiles
Copper automatically enriches contact profiles with up-to-date company information, social profiles, and more.
LinkedIn Chrome extension
Add someone or update existing contact info directly from LinkedIn without switching tabs.
All your essential apps
Copper's powerful integrations seamlessly connect with your favorite tools, unlocking a whole new level of functionality.
Learn more
Mailchimp
When new contacts are added to Copper, you can automatically add them to Mailchimp, or capture new newsletter subscribers in Copper as potential leads.
Phone solutions
Integrate your phone system to call contacts, track conversations, and share call transcripts.
"Got introduced to Copper for a CRM and it's chef's kiss. It naturally integrates with Google Workspace and has a cute little inbox plug in."
Selena B.
"Copper CRM helps keep me focused and organized with my business. The pricing is fair and customer service has been great too. I've used it since 2016...and highly recommend it!"
Kevin L.
"As a small business I love that Copper can keep my emails and tasks organized. The large CRM platforms were too much. As my day is all email, Copper is just what I need."
Liane C.
"Copper keeps track of all correspondence with your customers. It also sends you reminders via email and allows you to email your work colleagues. The layout is very user-friendly, and the information is accessible."
Kilian E.
"The Gmail integration is my favorite Copper feature. It makes it easy to add new leads, people, etc... I also love the task tool and how it integrates with Gmail and Calendar."
Atira R.
"I love the Google plugin. My business uses Google Workspace for just about everything we do, and the Copper + Google Workspace integration is fantastic."
Daniel K.
"Great CRM for Gmail users. Copper's unique angle is that it is tightly integrated with Gmail - so as you're emailing contacts, you can easily add those people and opportunities into your CRM. This makes it very easy to use which saves a lot of time and makes CRM updates less of a chore."
Andrew W.
"I love the fact that it integrates perfectly with Google Workspace. This has been an amazing experience for me since I’m always using Gmail, Drive, and Calendar."
Otisa E.
"Great CRM for Gmail users. Copper's unique angle is that it is tightly integrated with Gmail - so as you're emailing contacts, you can easily add those people and opportunities into your CRM. This makes it very easy to use which saves a lot of time and makes CRM updates less of a chore."
Andrew W.
"Got introduced to Copper for a CRM and it's chef's kiss. It naturally integrates with Google Workspace and has a cute little inbox plug in."
Selena B.
"The Gmail integration is my favorite Copper feature. It makes it easy to add new le
