===== https://www.freshworks.com/freshdesk/
TITLE: AI-Powered Customer Service Software | Freshdesk | Freshworks
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

From your first AI agent to AI across customer service.
We'll get you there.
Freshdesk brings ready-to-use AI, people, and workflows together, with a guided path to AI adoption, so service improves from day one and becomes increasingly AI-powered over time.
Get a demo
Start for free
Trusted by 50,000+ businesses worldwide
Elevate
customer experiences with AI
Resolve with AI
Unify context
Empower every agent
Continuously improve
Designed to help you
win with AI
Connect the tools
your team relies on
Connect Freshdesk with the AI tools and apps your support team already uses. Through MCP, bring customer data into everyday workflows and automate support at scale.
Explore Freshdesk MCP
Connect your business apps
Integrate with the tools your team relies on, seamlessly connected with Freshdesk. Get started without any complexity.
*
Logos are trademarks of their respective owners. Mention does not imply endorsement or partnership.
The experts agree
Recognized for delivering AI-powered customer service that drives results.
Recognized as a Leader in G2's Spring 2026 Mid-Market Grid® Report.
Recognized for Highest User Adoption in G2's Spring 2026 Enterprise Report.
Recognized as a Momentum Leader in G2's Winter 2026 Reports.
Recognized with the TrustRadius Buyer's Choice Award for 2026.
Outcomes
that matter
Make the next move toward AI-powered customer service
Get a demo
Start for free

===== https://developers.freshdesk.com
TITLE: Freshdesk Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Freshdesk Developers
Documentation
The A-Z guide for our app development tools so you can easily design, code, and bring your Freshdesk app ideas to life.
View the SDK Docs
API
All the endpoints you need to access and manage your data, and bridge your helpdesk with the other tools you use.
View the API Docs
Partners
Technology Partners build value adding apps and integrations to enhance product capabilities while Solution Partners consult, customise, implement and solve business problems by working with us.
Partner with us
Log in with your Freshdesk account
Enter your helpdesk URL to proceed to login
Proceed
By clicking "Proceed", you agree to our
Terms of Use
.
Don't have a Freshdesk account?
Signup for free

===== https://developer.freshdesk.com/
TITLE: Freshdesk Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Freshdesk Developers
Documentation
The A-Z guide for our app development tools so you can easily design, code, and bring your Freshdesk app ideas to life.
View the SDK Docs
API
All the endpoints you need to access and manage your data, and bridge your helpdesk with the other tools you use.
View the API Docs
Partners
Technology Partners build value adding apps and integrations to enhance product capabilities while Solution Partners consult, customise, implement and solve business problems by working with us.
Partner with us
Log in with your Freshdesk account
Enter your helpdesk URL to proceed to login
Proceed
By clicking "Proceed", you agree to our
Terms of Use
.
Don't have a Freshdesk account?
Signup for free

===== https://www.freshworks.com/contact/
TITLE: Contact Freshworks
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Contact Freshworks
Questions about our platform or pricing? From custom demos to RFI/ RFP support, our team is here to help you find the right solution for your business.
Talk with our team
+1 (855) 747 6767 |
sales@freshworks.com
Global locations
HQ: San Mateo, CA
2950 S. Delaware Street, Suite 201
San Mateo, CA 94403
+1 855 747 6767
Denver, CO
1200 17th St, Suite 25-00
Denver, CO 80202
+1 855 747 6767
Bellevue, WA
10900 NE 8th St.
Suite 600
Bellevue, WA 98004
Boston, MA
1 Federal St.
Floor 22, Suite C
Boston, MA 02110
Chennai, India
Global Infocity, Block B
40 MGR Road
Chennai 600 096
+91 44 6667 8040
Bangalore, India
Campus 32, 5th floor
RMZ EcoWorld, Sarjapur,
Marathahalli Outer Ring Road,
Bhoganahalli Village,
Varthur Hobli, Bengaluru East Taluk,
Bengaluru — 560103
+91 44 6667 8040
Hyderabad, India
Sky Two, Wing A | 13th Floor,
Prestige Sky Tech, ISB Road,
Nanakramguda, Hyderabad
Telangana 500032
+91 44 6667 8072
Paris, France
Freshworks SAS
32 Avenue de l'Opéra, 2nd Floor
75002 Paris, France
Utrecht, Netherlands
Stationsplein 32
3511 ED Utrecht
+31 85 001 3362
London, UK
79 Hatton Garden
London EC1N 8JS
+44 8081 698 824
Berlin, Germany
Neue Grünstraße 17
10179 Berlin
+49 305 884 9246
Sydney, Australia
135 King St, Suite 2126,
Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
+61 1800 861 302
Let’s talk
Customer support
We’re here to help. Search articles, view product documentation, or request help from our team of dedicated product experts.
Product support
Email us
Freshworks careers
Join us! We’re looking for energetic, motivated people in roles from engineering to marketing and more in more than a dozen around the world.
Career openings
Get in touch
Partnerships
Affiliates, solutions, startups, and integrations—we’re excited to partner with forward-thinking businesses of all kinds.
Become a partner
Find a partner

===== https://www.freshworks.com/partners/
TITLE: Grow Your Business with Freshworks Partnerships | Become a partner today!
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

FRESHWORKS PARTNER PROGRAMS
Uncomplicated solutions, powerful partnerships
Broaden your audience. Boost your business. Add revenue channels. It's all possible— for resellers, solution providers, technology and strategic partners, and affiliates.
Become a partner
Explore partnerships
ENDORSED BY PARTNERS GLOBALLY
FRESHWORKS PARTNERS
Join a growing global network
By partnering with us, you’ll gain access to our worldwide network, industry-leading benefits, and the resources needed to expand your market reach.
500+
Channel partners
400+
Technology partners
5,000+
Affiliate marketing partners
80+
Countries with partner presence
Accelerate. Augment. Amplify.
For resellers, solution providers, technology and strategic partners, and affiliates.
Freshworks helps you build new revenue streams, increase market size, and collaborate with experts.
Channel partners
Technology partners
Affiliate marketing partners
Channel partners
Unlock new revenue with competitive benefits and grow your business with our highly-rated CX and EX solutions. Access exclusive resources, marketing assets, networking events, free certifications, and dedicated support once you join us.
Learn more
Since our inception, Flycast Partners has had the opportunity to work with numerous software manufacturers as a vendor. Over the past four years as a channel partner with Freshworks, we have found their partner program to be second to none. It has been a great ride so far.
Richard George
VP of Sales, Flycast Partners
Freshworks emerged as the clear leader in the ITSM market with an enterprise-grade solution without the enterprise complexity. Our partnership with Freshworks enables Climb and our reseller partners to deliver innovative, simplified solutions that accelerate digital transformation for their customers.
Dale Foster
CEO, Climb Channel Solutions
Freshworks has been a stellar partner by any metric - very open, welcoming, and imaginative. They are always thinking of new ways we can work together and collaborate with us to iterate and innovate on new integrations.
Joe Jorczak
Head of Industry for Sservice & support, Yext
The Five9 and Freshworks integration combines contact center controls natively in a single, intuitive user interface to capture, view, manage, and share every customer interaction, leveraging the power of real-time customer data to drive greater business results, increasing agent productivity and improving customer service.
Brian Jackson
Partner Development Director, Five9
Freshworks is a great affiliate program to promote. The Affiliate managers are very helpful and quick to respond. The tracking platform is easy to use and provides good data and analytics. We've had a fantastic experience as partners and look forward to achieving more success with them.
Erwin
Managing Director, S Labs
Partners. Integrations. Community.
Find the right expert. See the range of 1,400+ apps and integrations. Or stay updated with the latest from Freshworks partners.
Search channel partner directory
From consulting to marketing, app development to implementation, find the right partner for you.
Explore
Explore Freshworks marketplace
Build and integrate your app with the Freshworks ecosystem, and gain access to our global clientele.
Explore
PARTNER WITH US
Ready to partner with Freshworks?
Join the Freshworks partner program to get started, or contact our team to discuss your interest.
Become a partner

===== https://www.freshworks.com/crm/sales/
TITLE: Freshsales: Streamlined Sales CRM Solution | Freshworks
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

AI-POWERED SALES CRM
Sell smarter and close deals faster
Grow your pipeline, boost conversions, and power productivity with our AI-powered, easy-to-use sales CRM.
Try it Free
Get a Demo
Loading video...
Trusted by 74,000+ Businesses Worldwide
Everything sales, powered by AI
Simplify selling and grow your revenue with productivity, collaboration, and insights.
Smarter campaigns, superior leads
Freshsales helps you run smart sales campaigns to generate more leads, then capture, qualify, route, and track them with the power of Freddy AI.
Try it Free
Efficient organizing, expert prospecting
Declutter your sales view and have the key details you need to dive into your day with no wasted time. Plan your entire sales process with kanban views, and configure and control with drag-and-drop cards.
Get a Demo
Great conversations, higher conversions
Understand customers better with a 360° view, meet them on their preferred channels, and engage with context.
Focus on valuable leads with intent scores from Freddy AI.
Try it Free
Stronger sales, faster growth
Streamline processes, sew up deals, and score that quarterly bonus with timely insights. Avoid bottlenecks and plan accurately with deal recommendations by Freddy AI.
Get a Demo
Less busywork, more business
Eliminate manual effort and save time by automating repetitive, mundane tasks. Improve productivity, increase adoption, and raise team morale.
Try it Free
AI-powered assistance and insights
Freddy AI makes work smarter and easier, helping you around the clock: highlighting the best leads and deals, offering insights, and even writing emails. Stay a step ahead with Freddy AI.
Learn more
FRESHSALES SUITE
Get sales and marketing on the same page
Bring everything together in one complete CRM solution with a single source of truth for each customer’s journey. Share context, customize communications, and drive revenue together.
Explore Freshsales Suite
Why our customers love us
Reducing our no-show rate was important to have higher utilization of our sales team. With Freshsales, we brought it down to about 20%, and time is money.
Mike Hopkins
Senior VP, Sales and Service, Blue Nile
Watch video
Over the last year, we’ve acquired 10X more customers and are rapidly scaling. To our surprise and relief, through this busy phase, the time spent on administrative tasks by teams dropped by 20%.
Alexandra
CRM Operations Manager, Humn
Read Story
We were able to gather intent data from email engagement and profile our audience and market to niches better. In a nutshell, the CRM became integral to our organization, rather than a supporting force.
Arun Rajamani
Head – Digital Sales, Sify
Read Story
Recommended by leading industry experts
Sign up for your
free trial today
21 days. No credit card required. No strings attached.
Try it Free
Get a Demo

===== https://www.freshworks.com/crm/suite/
TITLE: Freshsales Suite: CRM plus Marketing Automation | Freshworks
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

CRM
Unite sales and marketing around the customer with an all-in-one CRM
Know customer intent to help sales convert faster with a 360° view
Sign Up
View Pricing
Get your hands on an award-winning software
How can Freshsales Suite help you grow your business?
Nurture relationships and grow revenue with a single customer view
Deliver seamless engagement across channels with a 360° view of the customer. Unify sales and marketing teams to deliver customer delight.
Close deals faster by sending the right message at the right time
Sales and marketing can work together to deliver personalized customer experiences. Understand customer intent and send the right message to close deals faster.
Reduce IT complexity & cost with a comprehensive solution
Keep teams happy with a single, all-in-one solution that is affordable, easy to implement, and easier to use. Increase adoption, reduce costs and boost morale.
FIND MORE OPPORTUNITIES
Attract the best leads. Generate 10X more opportunities.
Attract visitors, convert them into leads, run campaigns, and turn your website into a lead generation machine.
Top features:
Create
landing pages
in minutes. Monitor and understand visitor intent.
Understand visitor intent. Track
page visits and even actions
on your site.
Chat in real-time with website visitors using
AI-powered chatbots
Tailor
email campaigns
and generate cost-effective leads for sales
Learn more
ENGAGE CONTEXTUALLY
Deliver personalized experiences at scale. Improve lead engagement.
Build tailored campaigns and optimize them with real-time data for better engagement.
Top features:
Get a
360° view of a customer
. Capture all customer interactions in one place.
Freddy AI
identifies your best leads - the ones that are most likely to convert
Set up welcome emails or
personalized journeys
based on actions
Communicate across
Phone, Email, WhatsApp, Chat
Learn more
CLOSE DEALS FASTER
Drive deals to closure, faster. Improve sales conversions by 50%.
Freddy AI helps you focus on the right deals that will drive revenue. Get insights across the funnel from lead to revenue with multi-touch attribution.
Top features:
Improve revenue predictability with
Dynamic Forecasting
Find the best deals to close with
AI-based Deal Insights
Collaborate on Slack
across departments to close deals faster
Learn more
NURTURE CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS
Develop nurture campaigns that delight customers. Increase repeat purchases by over 50%.
Nurture leads along the funnel with targeted campaigns, support customers with educational content, and build deeper relationships.
Top features:
Design multichannel
nurture campaigns
and target customers via emails, SMS, WhatsApp, and chat
Send
transactional emails
to customers to upsell and cross-sell
Get a breakdown of
campaign analytics
for a holistic understanding of your market and audience
Learn more
Connect Freshsales Suite with your favorite tools
IT and Employee service
Customer service
CRM
Products
IT and Employee service
Freshservice IT Service Management
Freshservice for Business Teams
Freshservice IT Asset Management
Freshservice for MSPs
Customer service
Freshdesk Omni
Freshdesk
Freshcaller
Freshchat
CRM
Freshsales
Freshsales Suite
Freshmarketer
Freshsales
Freshsales Suite
Freshmarketer
Monthly
Annually
Growth
For startups and SMBs
$9
/user/month, billed annually
Try it Free
Pro
For growing and mid-sized businesses
$39
/user/month, billed annually
Try it Free
Enterprise
For mid to large-sized businesses
$59
/user/month, billed annually
Try it Free
Hide all features
Need just Sales Force Automation
or Marketing Automation Software?
Then we've got you covered too.
Surface the best leads, manage pipeline, automate sales activities, and get smart insights to close deals, faster.
Start Selling
Create personalized campaigns, attract the best leads, engage with context, and deliver customer experiences at scale.
Start Marketing
