===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/ads-commerce/marketing-api
TITLE: Marketing API | Meta | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Marketing API
The Marketing API is a collection of
Graph API
endpoints and other features that can be used to help you advertise across Meta technologies. Before advertising on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp, we recommend you learn about Meta's
ad campaign structure
to understand the objects you're working with and how they relate to each other.
Get started
Get Started
Begin creating and managing Meta ad campaigns by following step-by-step guidance on setting up campaigns, ad sets, and creatives using the Marketing API
Basic Ad Creation
Get detailed guidance on how to set up campaigns, ad sets, and ad creatives, including code samples that illustrate the implementation process.
Learn more
Manage Campaigns
Learn key operations you can perform using the Marketing API, including how to modify, pause and delete campaigns.
Learn more
Ad Optimization Basics
Use Marketing API endpoints that serve as essential tools for developers to manage audiences and analyze ad campaign insights.
Learn more
Related APIs
Explore additional APIs to enhance ad targeting, manage catalogs, maintain business presence, and integrate commerce tools across Meta technologies
Conversions API
Connect the marketing data on your servers to the Meta systems that optimize ad targeting, decrease cost per action, and measure results.
Learn more
Catalog API
Create a catalog of items you want to promote and use it to run ads, sell from a shop on Facebook or Instagram, and more.
Learn more
Business Management API
Create and maintain your business's organic and paid presence on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp.
Learn more
Commerce API
Enables businesses to integrate their infrastructure with the tools available to sell products across Meta technologies, including shops and Marketplace.
Learn more
Tools and Resources
Ads Manager
⁠
Business Manager
⁠
Commerce Manager
⁠
App Dashboard
Meta Business SDK
Marketing API Status
⁠
Meta Blueprint
⁠
Meta Developer Community Forums

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/ads-commerce/marketing-api/reference
TITLE: Marketing API Reference | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Marketing API Reference
Jun 26, 2026
Ads in WhatsApp Status are available via the Marketing API.
Learn more about ads in WhatsApp Status.
Marketing API root nodes
This is a full list of root nodes for the Facebook Marketing API with links to reference docs for each. For background on the API’s architecture and how to call root nodes and their edges, see
Using the Graph API
To access all reference information you will need to be logged in to Facebook.
Node
Description
/{AD_ACCOUNT_USER_ID}
Someone on Facebook who creates ads. Each ad user can have a role on several ad accounts.
/act_{AD_ACCOUNT_ID}
Represents the business entity managing ads.
/{AD_ID}
Contains information for an ad, such as creative elements and measurement information.
/{AD_CREATIVE_ID}
Format for your image, carousel, collection, or video ad.
/{AD_SET_ID}
Contains all ads that share the same budget, schedule, bid, and targeting.
/{AD_CAMPAIGN_ID}
Defines your ad campaigns’ objective. Contains one or more ad sets.
User
User edges
Edge
Description
/adaccounts
All ad accounts associated with this person
/accounts
All pages and places that someone is an admin of
/promotable_events
All promotable events you created or promotable page events that belong to pages you are an admin for
Ad account
All collections of ad objects in Marketing APIs belong to an
ad account
Ad account edges
The most popular edges of the Ad Account node. Visit the
Ad Account Edges reference
for a complete list of all edges.
Edge
Description
/adcreatives
Defines your ad’s appearance and content
/adimages
Library of images to use in ad creatives. Upload and manage these images independently of ad creatives
/ads
Data for an ad, such as creative elements and measurement information
/adsets
Contain all ads that share the same budget, schedule, bid, and targeting
/advideos
Library of videos for use in ad creatives. Upload and manage these videos independently of ad creatives
/campaigns
Define your campaigns’ objective and contain one or more ad sets
/customaudiences
The custom audiences owned by/shared with this ad account
/insights
Interface for insights. De-dupes results across child objects, provides sorting, and async reports.
/users
List of people associated with an ad account
Ad
An individual ad associated with an ad set.
Ad edges
The most popular edges of the Ad node. Visit the
Ad Edges reference
for a complete list of all edges.
Edge
Description
/adcreatives
Defines your ad’s appearance and content
/insights
Insights on your advertising performance.
/leads
Any leads associated with a Lead Ad.
/previews
Generate ad previews from an existing ad
Ad set
An ad set is a group of ads that share the same daily or lifetime budget, schedule, bid type, bid info, and targeting data.
Ad set edges
The most popular edges of the Ad Set node. Visit the
Ad Set Edges reference
for a complete list of all edges.
Edge
Description
/activities
Log of actions taken on the ad set
/adcreatives
Defines your ad’s content and appearance
/ads
Data necessary for an ad, such as creative elements and measurement information
/insights
Insights on your advertising performance.
Ad campaign
A campaign is the highest level organizational structure within an ad account and should represent a single objective for an advertiser.
Ad campaign edges
The most popular edges of the Ad Campaign node. Visit the
Ad Campaign Edges reference
for a complete list of all edges.
Edge
Description
/ads
Data necessary for an ad, such as creative elements and measurement information
/adsets
Contain all ads that share the same budget, schedule, bid, and targeting.
/insights
Insights on your advertising performance.
Ad creative
The format which provides layout and contains content for the ad.
Ad creative edges
The most popular edges of the Ad Creative node. Visit the
Ad Creative Edges reference
for a complete list of all edges.
Edge
Description
/previews
Generate ad previews from the existing ad creative object

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/ads-commerce/marketing-api/get-started
TITLE: Get started with the Marketing API | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Get started with the Marketing API
Jun 16, 2026
Ads in WhatsApp Status are available via the Marketing API.
Learn more about ads in WhatsApp Status.
To use the Marketing API, you must follow some key steps to set up your environment and gain access to the API’s features. This section outlines the prerequisites necessary for getting started.
Ad account requirements
To manage your ads through the Marketing API, you must have an
active ad account
⁠
to run campaigns and manage billing. An ad account allows you to track your advertising expenses, monitor performance, and optimize your campaigns.
Finding your ad account number
Find your ad account number in
Meta Ads Manager
⁠
Log into Facebook:
Start by logging into your Facebook account that is associated with your business.
Access Ads Manager:
Find Ads Manager in the drop-down menu in the upper right corner of your Facebook homepage or business page.
Locate your ad account:
In Ads Manager, click on the ad account Settings from the menu on the bottom left of the screen.
View ad account information:
In the Settings screen, your ad account number appears in the Account overview section along with other details such as your billing information and spending limits.
Meta Developer account
See
Register as a Meta Developer
for more information.
Create an app
See
Create an App
for more information on setting up an app in the App Dashboard as well as app types and use cases.
Authorization and authentication
See
Authorization
for more information on verifying the users and apps that will be accessing the Marketing API and granting them permissions.
See
Authentication
for more information on getting, extending, and renewing access tokens with the Marketing API.
Next steps
Create an Ad Campaign
Manage Ad Campaigns
Optimize Ad Campaigns

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/development/register
TITLE: Register as a Meta Developer | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Register as a Meta Developer
Sep 19, 2024
This document explains how to register as a Meta developer. Once you have registered you will have access to the App Dashboard and all of our products, SDKs, APIs, development tools, and developer documentation.
Step 1: Start the registration process
While logged into your Facebook account, go to
https://developers.facebook.com/async/registration
Alternatively, you can go to the
Social Technologies Dev Center
website and click
Get Started
Step 2: Agree to our Terms and Policies
Click
Next
to agree to our
Platform Terms
and
Developer Policies
Step 3: Verify your account
We will send a confirmation code to the phone number and email address that you provide in order to confirm that you have access to them. Your number and email will be used for important developer notifications of any changes that may impact to your app.
Step 4: Select your occupation
Select an occupation that most closely describes what you do for a living.
Next Steps
Now that you have registered you can use the App Dashboard to
create your first app

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/facebook-login/guides/access-tokens
TITLE: Access Tokens for Meta Technologies | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Access Tokens for Meta Technologies
Nov 25, 2025
An access token is an opaque string that identifies a user, app, or Facebook Page and can be used by the app to make Graph API calls. The token includes information about when it expires and which app generated it. Most API calls on Meta apps require an access token for privacy checks. Different types of access tokens support different use cases.
Access Token Type
Description
App Access Token
App access tokens let you read and modify app settings. Generate one using your Meta app secret via a server-to-server call.
Client Token
Client tokens identify your app when calling app-level APIs from native or desktop apps. Because client tokens are embedded in apps, they are not secret. Find your client token in the Meta App Dashboard.
Page Access Token
Page access tokens let you read, write, and modify data belonging to a Facebook Page. To obtain one, first get a user access token, then exchange it for a Page access token via the Graph API.
System User Access Token
System User access tokens let your app perform programmatic, automated actions on Ad objects or Pages without requiring input from an app user or re-authentication.
User Access Token
User access tokens let your app take actions in real time based on input from the user. You need a User access token any time your app reads, modifies, or writes a person’s Facebook data on their behalf. Obtain one via a login dialog that requires the person to grant your app permission.
User Access Tokens
User access tokens let your app take actions in real time based on input from the user. You need a User access token any time your app reads, modifies, or writes a person’s Facebook data on their behalf. Obtain one via a login dialog that requires the person to grant your app permission.
Different platforms have different methods to kick off this process and include functionality to manage access tokens on behalf of the developer and the person granting permissions:
Android
The Facebook SDKs for Android automatically manages user access tokens through the class
com.facebook.AccessToken
. You can learn more about obtaining a user access token by implementing
Facebook Login for Android
. You can retrieve the user access token by inspecting
Session.getCurrentAccessToken
Sample Code
@Override
public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
    super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
    accessToken = AccessToken.getCurrentAccessToken();
}
iOS
The Facebook SDKs for iOS automatically manages user access tokens through the class
FBSDKAccessToken
. You can learn more about obtaining a user access token by implementing
Facebook Login for iOS
. You can retrieve the access token by inspecting
FBSDKAccessToken.currentAccessToken
Sample Code
- (void)viewDidLoad
{
  [super viewDidLoad];
  NSString *accessToken = [FBSDKAccessToken currentAccessToken];
}
Javascript
The
Facebook SDK for Javascript
obtains and persists user access tokens automatically in browser cookies. You can retrieve the user access token by making a call to
FB.getAuthResponse
which will include an
accessToken
property within the response.
Sample Code
FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
  if (response.status === 'connected') {
    var accessToken = response.authResponse.accessToken;
  }
} );
Please visit the
Facebook Web SDKs documentation
for a
complete code sample
Web (without JavaScript)
When building a web app
without Facebook’s SDK for Javascript
you will need to generate an access token during the steps outlined in that document.
App Access Tokens
App access tokens let you read and modify app settings. Generate one using your Meta app secret via a server-to-server call.
Limitations
App access tokens don’t expose all user data that a user access token would. To read user data in your app, use a user access token instead.
App access tokens are insecure if your app is set to
Native/Desktop
in the Advanced settings of your
App Dashboard
. Native or desktop apps typically embed the app secret in the code, making the generated app access token insecure.
Generating an app access token
To generate an app access token, you need:
Your
App ID
Your
App Secret
Code sample
curl -X GET "https://graph.facebook.com/oauth/access_token
  ?client_id={your-app-id}
  &client_secret={your-app-secret}
  &grant_type=client_credentials"
This call returns an app access token that you can use in place of a user access token for API calls. Never hard-code app access tokens into client-side code or app binaries — doing so exposes your app secret and gives anyone who loads your webpage or decompiles your app full access to modify it. Only use app access tokens in server-to-server calls.
Important
: This request uses your app secret, so it must only be made using server-side code. Never share your app secret with anyone.
There is another method to make calls to the Graph API that doesn’t require using a generated app access token. You can just pass y

===== https://developers.facebook.com/
TITLE: Social technologies | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Social technologies | Meta for Developers
Social technologies
Build technologies that help people connect, find communities and grow businesses.
Get started
Explore all products
Browse documentation
Developer tools
Get support
What's new
Build with us
Learn more about our social technologies solutions that can help you create, grow and connect across Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and Threads.
Facebook
Messenger
Instagram
WhatsApp
Threads
SUCCESS STORIES
200M+ businesses use our services every month to connect with customers and grow.
Concepto Móvil
Concepto Móvil boosts business solutions and aligns teams through Meta Certification.
Learn more
Universal Pictures
Engaging fans through interactive multimedia messaging campaigns.
Learn more
Housing Development Finance Corporation
Developing a faster, simpler and convenient way to help customers determine their home loan eligibility.
Learn more
View success stories
Explore all our products
Social technologies offer a wide range of solutions that can help you grow, build community and monetize your apps.
Ads and Monetization
Reach billions of people with Meta ads and monetization solutions to grow your business.
Overview
Artificial Intelligence
Utilize industry-leading open and accessible AI tools for scale.
Overview
Authentication
Implement convenient and secure authentication methods, supported by robust authorization protocols.
Overview
Business Messaging
Do more with conversations by getting the right messages to the right people at the right time.
Overview
Gaming
Access a suite of innovative gaming platforms and services.
Overview
Open Source
Empower the community through open source technology.
Overview
Social Integrations
Connect with and engage billions of people using our Meta technologies with our social integrations.
Overview
Explore all products
Latest news
SEPTEMBER 15, 2026
Announcing WhatsApp Business Tools MCP: Set up and manage WhatsApp business from your AI agent
Your AI agent can now set up WhatsApp business messaging Getting a WhatsApp Business integration running means moving between the Developer Console, Business Manager, the API reference, and your editor, then pasting an access token somewhere it shouldn't live. It's a lot of setup before you write any real code.WhatsApp Business Tools MCP changes...
Developer Tools, WhatsApp
AUGUST 27, 2026
Login with Facebook open beta: faster logins, less maintenance
Login with Facebook is entering open beta on August 27, 2026, bringing a wave of improvements focused on one thing: fewer steps and less maintenance. Here is what is available in the open beta, what each feature does, and what it takes to adopt. Please see each section below for integration instructions. 1. Single Sign On (one tap) onAndroidandWeb...
Business Tools, Platforms, Facebook, Facebook Login
AUGUST 4, 2026
Meta AI Developer Assistant Now Available for Developer Support
Today, we’re bringing Meta AI Developer Assistant to the developer support experience on developers.facebook.com by rolling out a revamped developer support experience powered by Meta AI Developer Assistant. When you visit developers.facebook.com/support, you’ll find an AI-powered assistant ready to help you troubleshoot issues, navigate compliance...
Developer Tools
More on the blog
Get our newsletter
Sign up for monthly updates from Meta for Developers.
Sign up

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/business-sdk
TITLE: Meta Business SDK | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Meta Business SDK
Apr 25, 2025
The Meta Business SDK gives you access to our suite of business APIs allowing you to build unique and customized solutions to serve your businesses and clients.
Common Uses
Ads Buying
— Guide for creating ad campaigns for Click to Messenger Ads and promoting your Facebook Page.
Instagram Management
— Guide for publishing photos and responding to comments on Instagram.
Onboarding Clients at Scale
— Guide for managing hundreds or thousands of small businesses and offering them ads buying within your website or platform.
Page Management
— Guide to  creating pages, updating pages, and managing Page content.
Catalog Management
— Guide to manage products.
Documentation Contents
Overview
Explanations of core concepts and usage requirements.
Getting Started
A short tutorial to implement the Meta Business SDK.
Java
|
Node.js
|
PHP
|
Python
|
Ruby
Guides
Use case based guides to help you perform specific actions.
Reference
Product specifications and endpoint references.
Support
Solutions to common problems, troubleshooting tips, and FAQs.

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/ads-commerce/marketing-api/get-started/authentication
TITLE: Authentication | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Authentication
Jun 24, 2026
Ads in WhatsApp Status are available via the Marketing API.
Learn more about ads in WhatsApp Status.
Every Marketing API call requires an access token as a parameter.
See
Access Tokens for Meta Technologies
for more information on the various types of access tokens.
Get an access token for your app
User access tokens
Graph API Explorer
You can get a user access token using the
Graph API Explorer
. To learn how to use the Graph API Explorer to make API calls, see the
Graph API Explorer Guide
In the
Meta App
field, select an app to obtain the access token for.
In the
User or Page
field, select
User Token
In the
Add a Permission
drop-down under
Permissions
, select the permissions you need (for example,
ads_read
or
ads_management
).
Click
Generate Access Token
. The box on top of the button displays the access token;
store the token
for later use.
Debug
To get more information in the token you just generated, click on the information icon (
i
) in front of the token to open the
Access Token Info
table, which displays some basic information about the token. Click
Open in Access Token Tool
to be redirected to the
Access Token Debugger
While debugging, you can check:
App ID:
The app ID mentioned in the prerequisite section.
Expires:
A time stamp. A short-lived token expires in an hour or two.
Scopes:
Contains the permissions added in the Graph API Explorer.
Extend your access token
Paste your token in the text box of the
Access Token Debugger
and click
Debug
Click
Extend Access Token
at the bottom of the
Access Token Info
table to get a long-lived token, and copy that token for later use.
Check your new token’s properties using the Access Token Debugger. It should have a longer expiration time, such as “60 days”, or “Never” under
Expires
. See
Long-Lived Access Token
for more information.
System user access tokens
A system user access token is a type of access token that is associated with a system user account, which is an account that is created in Meta Business Suite to manage assets and call the Marketing API. System user access tokens are useful for server-to-server interactions where there is no user present to authenticate. System user access tokens can be used to perform actions on behalf of the business, such as reading and writing business data, managing ad campaigns, and other ad objects.
One benefit of using a system user access token is that it does not expire, so it can be used in long-running scripts or services that need to access the Marketing API. Additionally, because system user accounts are not tied to a specific individual, they can be used to provide a level of separation between personal and business activity on Meta technologies.
System user tokens are also less likely to be invalidated than long-lived user access tokens.
See
System Users
for more information.
Get an access token for ad accounts you manage
After the owner of an ad account you are going to manage clicks the
Allow
button when you prompt for permissions, they are redirected to a URL that contains the value of the
redirect_uri
parameter and an authorization code:
http://YOUR_URL?code=<AUTHORIZATION_CODE>
You can then build the URL for an API call that includes the endpoint for getting a token, your app ID, your site URL, your app secret, and the authorization code you just received:
https://graph.facebook.com/
v26.0
/oauth/access_token?
  client_id=<YOUR_APP_ID>
  &redirect_uri=<YOUR_URL>
  &client_secret=<YOUR_APP_SECRET>
  &code=<AUTHORIZATION_CODE>
The API response should contain the generated access token:
If you follow the server-side authentication flow, you get a persistent token.
If you follow the client-side authentication flow, you get a token with a finite validity period of about one to two hours. This short-lived token can be exchanged for a persistent token by calling the
Graph API endpoint for Extending Tokens
If a
system user
of a business invokes the API, you can use a
system user access token
You can debug the access token, check for expiration, and validate the permissions granted using the
Access Token Debugger
or the
programmatic validation API
Storing the token
Your Marketing API access token should be safely stored in your database for subsequent API calls. Always move tokens between your client and server securely over HTTPS to ensure account security.
Read more about the implications of moving tokens between your clients and your server
You should regularly check for validity of the token, and if necessary, prompt for permissions renewal. Even a persistent token can become invalid in a few cases, including the following:
A password changes
A user revokes permissions
As user access tokens can be invalidated or revoked anytime for some reasons, your app should expect to have a flow to re-request permission from users. Check the validity of the user token when they start your app. If necessary, re-run the authentication f

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/ads-commerce/marketing-api/get-started/authorization
TITLE: Authorization | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Authorization
May 5, 2026
Ads in WhatsApp Status are available via the Marketing API.
Learn more about ads in WhatsApp Status.
Ads Management Standard Access is now Marketing API Access Tier
No code changes are needed.
Tier labels have been updated: “Standard Access” is now
Limited Access
, and “Advanced Access” is now
Full Access
. The revised qualification threshold for Full Access has been reduced from 1,500 to
500 Marketing API calls
in the past 15 days. The underlying permission identifier remains the same, and existing access levels are preserved automatically. Learn more in the
Marketing API Access Tier documentation
The authorization process verifies the users and apps that will be accessing the Marketing API and grants them permissions.
App Roles
In your app’s dashboard, you can set roles for yourself or team members as necessary: Admin, Developer, Tester.
Note:
Depending on your intended use case, you may need to submit your app for review to gain access to specific permissions related to ad management.
Access Levels, Permissions, and Features
Business apps are subject to an additional layer of Graph API authorization called
access levels
. During
App Review
, your app must also request specific permissions and features.
All developers must follow all Meta
Platform Terms
and
Developer Policies
Calls on ANY access level are against production data.
Marketing API Access Levels vs. Marketing API Access Tier
Permissions and features for apps have two different access levels: standard access and advanced access (
Note:
The use of the term "standard access" here refers to platform-wide access levels and is not related to the
Marketing API Access Tier
, which has its own tiers: "Limited access" and "Full access".) To upgrade your Marketing API Access Tier, your app must meet the requirements shown in the App Dashboard.
Marketing API Access Tier overview
The Marketing API Access Tier controls your rate limits, Business Manager access, and system user capacity. Your tier is determined by whether your app has been approved through App Review.
Limited access (default)
Full access (after App Review)
How to get
Automatically granted when you add the Marketing API product to your app.
Click
+Upgrade
for the Marketing API Access Tier feature in your App Dashboard. Your app must meet the
requirements below
Rate limits
Heavily rate-limited per ad account. For development only. Not for production apps running for live advertisers.
Lightly
rate limited
per ad account.
Account limits
Manage an unlimited number of ad accounts. App admins or developers can make API calls on behalf of ad account admins or advertisers.
Manage an unlimited number of ad accounts, assuming you get
ads_read
or
ads_management
permission from the ad account.
Business Manager
Limited access to
Business Manager
and
Catalog
APIs. No Business Manager access to manage ad accounts, user permissions, and Pages.
Access to all
Business Manager
and
Catalog
APIs.
System users
Can create 1
system user
and 1 admin system user.
Can create 10
system users
and 1 admin system user.
Page creation
Cannot create Pages through the API.
Cannot create Pages through the API.
To check your current access level, go to
App Dashboard
>
App Review
>
Permissions and Features
Permissions and Features
Permissions
The permissions you should request change depending on which API you want to access.
If your app is only managing your ad account, standard access to the
ads_read
and
ads_management
permissions are sufficient. If your app is managing other people’s ad accounts, you need advanced access to the
ads_read
and/or
ads_management
permissions. See all
available permissions for business apps
Features
The features you should request change depending on how you want to use our APIs. If you’re managing ads, a common feature to request is Marketing API Access Tier. See
all available features for business apps
Feature access levels
Feature Access Level
Description
Standard access
Business apps are automatically approved for standard access for all permissions and features available to the Business app type.
Use this option if you’re getting started. You can build end-to-end workflows before requesting full permissions, and you can access an unlimited number of ad accounts.
Some API calls may not be available with standard access because they may belong to multiple accounts or the affected account can’t be identified programmatically.
Advanced access
Advanced access must be approved through the
App Review
process on an individual permission and feature basis.
To request advanced access, go to your app’s dashboard and click
App Review
>
Permissions and Features
Find the permission or feature you would like to access and, under
Action
, click
Request advanced access
. You can select one or more features. Once you have selected your options, click
Continue the Request
. You’ll be taken to a screen that guides you through the submi

===== https://developers.facebook.com/documentation/ads-commerce/marketing-api/reference/business/partners
TITLE: Business Partners | Meta for Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Version
v22.0
v23.0
v24.0
v25.0
Business Partners
May 21, 2019
Ads in WhatsApp Status are available via the Marketing API.
Learn more about ads in WhatsApp Status.
Reading
Other businesses which work with this business as partners.
Example
Select language
HTTP
PHP SDK
JavaScript SDK
Android SDK
iOS SDK
GET /v25.0/{business-id}/partners HTTP/1.1
Host: graph.facebook.com
Try it in
Graph API Explorer
If you want to learn how to use the Graph API, read our
Using Graph API guide
Parameters
This endpoint doesn't have any parameters.
Fields
Reading from this edge will return a JSON formatted result:
{
"data": [],
"paging": {},
"summary": {}
}
data
A list of
Business
nodes.
paging
For more details about pagination, see the
Graph API guide
summary
Aggregated information about the edge, such as counts. Specify the fields to fetch in the summary param (like summary=__type__).
Field
Description
filtered_total_count
int32
Filtered total number of objects on this edge
default
total_count
int32
Total number of objects on this edge
default
Error Codes
Error Code
Description
100
Invalid parameter
200
Permissions error
Creating
You can't perform this operation on this endpoint.
Updating
You can't perform this operation on this endpoint.
Deleting
You can't perform this operation on this endpoint.
