===== https://developers.klaviyo.com/en
TITLE: API Reference & Technical Guides | Klaviyo Developers
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Build personalized
experiences that scale.
Create apps and integrations using Klaviyo's API that help 
  your business grow. Get started for free.
Explore docs
Join 300+ others who have integrated with Klaviyo
Get started
Start here
Getting started
Learn how to authenticate, how data is stored, and how to make your first API calls.
Explore docs
Guides
Developer guides
Read detailed guides for common developer use cases. Learn how our New APIs compare to our legacy APIs.
Read guides
Docs
API docs
Klaviyo's new and improved APIs are now available! Learn about our API objects, methods, attributes, and responses
Read API docs
Developer tools
Speed up development with tools designed for your workflow.
SDKs
Install a Klaviyo maintained SDK to accelerate development– offered in Python, PHP, Ruby, and Node.
Explore SDKs
Test accounts
Test custom integrations and apps without the risk of impacting your production account.
Create test account
Postman
Make test calls using Postman’s UI tool with our collection of pre-built API requests.
Test with Postman
Sample code repository
Find pre-built solutions, examples, and reference code guides in our Klaviyo Labs GitHub.
View code samples
Sample data
Populate your test account with sample data to quickly explore our API and see how data is used in Klaviyo.
Generate sample data
Napkin
Create and deploy serverless cloud functions instantly from the browser. Quickly add authentication for your API, schedule tasks, and replay events.
Explore Napkin.io
Use cases
Custom integrations
Better user experience
Reporting
Build custom integrations to bring data into Klaviyo to create personalized experiences. Integrate with point-of-sale software, inventory management systems, scheduling apps, and more.
Read docs
Brian Whalley - Co-Founder of Wonderment
“Since Klaviyo doesn't impose a rigid data schema, it's easy to send in just about any arbitrary data without having to do annoying manipulations or data mappings and without having to pre-configure a data schema in the app.”
Read story →
Use profile information, custom events, catalog information, and other types of data to build custom customer experiences using Klaviyo's flows, template email builder, and more.
Read docs
Callum McMaugh - Techincal Lead at Giftnotes
“Merchants can set up flows based on Klaviyo events to send out branded notifications to both the [gift] recipient and the customer. They can also segment the customer and the recipient for greater insights into their customer’s shopping habits.”
Read story →
Pull data from Klaviyo to create dashboards, sync to other systems, and perform analysis to keep up with your marketing performance.
Read docs
Kyle Tremblay - Sr. Product Manger at EXCLUSIVE
“Integrating with Klaviyo’s APIs was a no-brainer as it allowed us to build reporting that’s informed by our clients’ goals. Additionally, we’re now able to highlight useful, holistic insights to determine what actions should be taken by our clients to meet their goals.”
Read story →
Join the community
Developer blog
Learn about use cases, how-tos, case studies, and more.
Developer community
Get support and inspiration from Klaviyo community experts.

===== https://developers.klaviyo.com/en/docs/changelog_
TITLE: Changelog
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Welcome to Klaviyo's API changelog. We frequently release exciting features to our APIs under new revisions to best support our developer community. Note that while we encourage you to update your API usage regularly, no immediate action is required with each release. Each revision is supported for 2 years after its release. Revisions with breaking changes have entries marked with
Breaking changes
. We recommend connecting your apps to our latest revision every 12-18 months.
Review our
updated API versioning and deprecation policy
for more information.
📘
Try adding custom actions to flows
Run custom Python and Node.js scripts in flows with
custom actions
The Custom Objects metadata and record APIs are now generally available. Manage object types with
Get Object Types
,
Create Object Type
, and
Delete Object Type
; manage schemas (including draft and active versions) with
Create Object Schema
and
Update Object Schema
; and manage relationships to profiles and data source mappings. List and retrieve object records by compound ID, and start bulk delete jobs for object records (
up to 500 object record IDs
per request;
maximum payload size 5 MB
). See the
Custom Objects API overview
Retrieve ingestion-failure logs for an object type with
Get Ingestion Logs for Object Type
. Only ingestion failures are logged, logs are retained for 14 days, and results are returned newest first with a fixed page size of 50.
Record historical events without triggering flows by setting the new top-level
backfill
flag on
Create Event
and
Bulk Create Events
. Use it for CRM migrations and bulk replay workloads to avoid re-firing flow messages. See
historical and backfill events
for examples.
Get Events
now returns events whose metric can't be resolved (missing or soft-deleted) by default, matching
Get Event
— previously they were silently omitted. Pass the new
has(metric)
filter (
filter=has(metric)
) to exclude them; it mirrors the existing
has(profile)
❗️
Breaking changes
A profile's conversation relationship is now
plural and multi-channel
. Retrieve a profile's conversations with
Get Conversations for Profile
(
GET /api/profiles/{id}/conversations/
) and include them inline with
?include=conversations
— these
replace
the singular
GET /api/profiles/{id}/conversation/
and
?include=conversation
from prior revisions.
The response shape changes from a single object to a list.
Where a profile previously returned one
conversation
relationship (SMS only), it now returns a
conversations
list with
one conversation per channel
, each carrying a
channel
attribute (
sms
,
whatsapp
, or
instagram
). Update any code that reads
relationships.conversation
on a profile — or the singular
?include=conversation
payload — to read the plural
conversations
and iterate the list.
This is what makes non-SMS sends possible: read the conversation whose
channel
is
whatsapp
, then pass its ID as the
conversation
relationship to
Create Conversation Message
(whose request and response are unchanged). Before this revision, only a profile's SMS conversation was retrievable, so WhatsApp and Instagram conversation IDs could not be obtained.
Every API reference page now links its OpenAPI (OAS) definition for easier agent and tooling discovery.
🚧
Endpoints in beta are subject to change and should not be used in production. To learn more see our
API versioning and deprecation
policy. If you have feedback about these endpoints, please reach out in our
developer community
Configure, run, and observe a Klaviyo Customer Agent programmatically. Requires the new
agents:read
and
agents:write
scopes and is available to accounts with Customer Agent enabled. Available since the
2026-04-15
beta revision.
Configure
the agent's building blocks: singleton agent settings (
Get Customer Agent
and
Update Customer Agent
),
skills
,
tools
, write-once encrypted
secrets
, and
knowledge
from snippets, webpages, or
file uploads
Run
a single conversation turn with
Create Customer Agent Response
— use
mode: preview
to test a configuration change (non-billed) or
mode: live
for real interactions.
Observe
production behavior: list transcripts with
Get Customer Agent Conversations
, and pull aggregate metrics via the
conversation
and
per-skill
values reports.
Manage your brand identity and assets programmatically — the API counterpart to Klaviyo's brand library. Requires the new
brands:read
and
brands:write
scopes.
Create, read, update, and delete brand
logos
,
colors
,
buttons
, and
social groups
Read and update your
brand voice
and
brand email defaults
— singleton resources with no create or delete.
Read endpoints use the
MEDIUM
rate limit tier (
10 requests/second burst
,
150 requests/minute steady
); write endpoints use the
SMALL
tier (
3 requests/second burst
,
60 requests/minute steady
).
Automate sending domain and DKIM setup without clicking through the UI. Register a domain and receive the DNS records to publish with
Create Sending Domain
, list and retrieve domains (with cu

===== https://developers.klaviyo.com/en/reference/api_overview
TITLE: API overview
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

📘
Jumpstart your Klaviyo API journey with our YouTube tutorials.
Dive into
Klaviyo's API tutorial playlist on YouTube
, where we provide walkthroughs of some of our most popular Klaviyo API endpoints.
New Klaviyo developers:
Check out our
Get started with Klaviyo
series to set up an account, obtain API credentials, and authenticate.
Current Klaviyo developers:
Install one of our
new SDKs
Make test calls with the
new API collection in our Postman workspace
To learn more, see below for an overview of the newly launched API features:
Go into detail on the
JSON API features
supported by our new API surface.
View the latest OpenAPI spec here.
Import the spec into your favorite API tool, such as Postman, to start interacting with our new APIs right away.
You can also navigate to our
Postman Workspace
, where you will find our latest collection of requests, along with the API definitions. You can get started by checking out our
Postman collection guide
Klaviyo provides 3 methods of authentication including private key authentication and OAuth (used to call server-side APIs) and public key authentication (used to call client-side APIs). Read below for a quick overview of each method.
All
/api
endpoints use
private API keys
with API key scopes to authenticate requests. If you do not use an API key for your requests, or if you use a key from the wrong account, your call will return an error. A
400
error indicates an invalid or missing API key.
Private key authentication for
/api
endpoints is performed by setting the following request header:
Authorization: Klaviyo-API-Key your-private-api-key
If you are a tech partner integrating with Klaviyo, we recommend using OAuth to authenticate your app. OAuth offers multiple benefits over a private key integration, including security, usability, and improved rate limits. Check out our
guide on setting up OAuth
All
/client
endpoints are designed to only be called from publicly-browseable client-side environments and use public API keys to authorize and route requests. Your public API key is your 6-character company ID, also known as a site ID. We recommend using the
Klaviyo object
or our
mobile SDKs
for interacting with our client-side APIs.
Public API keys are passed to
/client
endpoints using a query parameter:
curl --request POST \
  --url 'https://a.klaviyo.com/client/events/?company_id=COMPANY_ID'
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json'
  --data '{DATA}'
📘
Client endpoints are specifically designed to limit functionality to object creation of specific types of objects and do not respond with any potentially sensitive response data. For security reasons, this data must be accessed using private key endpoints only (i.e.,
/api
).
Klaviyo's APIs support the use of API scopes, which allow you to restrict access for third parties using a private API key. Adding a scope helps you protect your and your customers’ data by limiting what third parties can access.
You can add any of the following scopes to any new private API key in Klaviyo:
Read-only
Only allows third parties to view all data associated with the endpoint
Full
Allows third parties to create, delete, or make changes to anything associated with that endpoint (set by default)
Custom
Allows you to decide how much access to give the third party
Note that you cannot add a scope to an existing private key. You also cannot edit a private API key after it’s been created. If you need to remove access to a key based on its current scope, delete it and then create a new key with the correct scope.
For more information about the supported scopes for each endpoint and how to add a scope to an API key, please refer to the
Authenticate API requests
guide.
Check out our
API versioning and deprecation policy
to learn about how Klaviyo handles API versioning and support.
Every response will include an HTTP status code with more details on whether the request succeeded. Check out
our guide on status codes and errors
to learn more about status codes used by Klaviyo’s APIs and how to troubleshoot error responses.
All new API endpoints are
rate limited
on a per-account basis, and use a fixed-window rate limiting algorithm with two distinct windows: burst (short) and steady (long). All API traffic will be subject to rate limits, and will receive
HTTP 429
errors in the event either a burst or steady rate limit is reached.
Each endpoint lists its burst and steady rate limits in our API reference documentation.
Klaviyo’s modern APIs offer powerful functionality via the
relationships
object, a thorough set of syntax offered by JSON:API for modeling relationships between resources. This syntax allows developers to efficiently query specific groups of related resources, eliminating the need to perform redundant queries.
Check out our
guide on JSON:API relationships
for more information on how use, create, modify, and delete resource relationships.
JSON:API’s general filtering syntax and its supported operations can be used across all n

===== https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us
TITLE: Klaviyo Help Center
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

What can we help you find today?
Search by topic
Featured resources
Account & billing
Advanced KDP & Marketing Analytics
Analytics
Audience
Campaigns
Composer
Content
Conversations
Customer Agent
Customer Hub
Deliverability & compliance
Digital Experiences
Flows
Helpdesk
Integrations
Push Notifications
Reviews
Sign-up forms
SMS
Social Marketing
Translations Settings
WhatsApp
Select a topic
Featured resources
Account & billing
Advanced KDP & Marketing Analytics
Analytics
Audience
Campaigns
Composer
Content
Conversations
Customer Agent
Customer Hub
Deliverability & compliance
Digital Experiences
Flows
Helpdesk
Integrations
Push Notifications
Reviews
Sign-up forms
SMS
Social Marketing
Translations Settings
WhatsApp
Featured resources
Discover educational guides, courses, and materials to grow your business with Klaviyo.
Academy
Getting started with Klaviyo
Integrate your store and start messaging with Klaviyo.
Help center
How to get set up with SMS in Klaviyo
Set the foundation for successful SMS sending.
Help center
How to create and send an email campaign
Craft and send your first email campaign.
Help center
Getting started with sign-up forms
Use forms to interact with your subscribers and gather more info about them.
Help center
How to use Flows AI to build a flow
Create complete flows at scale using natural language inputs.
Help center
Getting started with reviews
Gather customer feedback and help drive more conversions.
Explore more from Klaviyo
Community
Connect with peers, partners, and Klaviyo experts to find inspiration, share insights, and get answers to all of your questions.
Visit Community
Partners
Hire a Klaviyo-certified expert to help you with a specific task, or for ongoing marketing management.
Hire a partner
Support
Access support through your account.
Email support
(free trial and paid accounts)
Available 24/7
Chat/virtual assistance
Availability varies by location and plan type
Log in

===== https://www.klaviyo.com/uk/contact-us
TITLE: Contact Klaviyo - Klaviyo UK
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Contact us
Support
Get help using Klaviyo
To contact our support team (and access helpful resources), sign in at
klaviyo.com/support
Can’t sign in? Submit an
account access request
Sales
Learn more about Klaviyo
Request a demo
Partnerships
Team up with Klaviyo
partners@klaviyo.com
Learn about our partner program
Press inquiries
Get the scoop
press@klaviyo.com
Security
Contact our risk and trust team
Report security vulnerabilities

===== https://developers.klaviyo.com/en/docs/get_started
TITLE: Get started with Klaviyo
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Klaviyo is a powerful email and SMS marketing tool with a strong commitment to data science. Klaviyo's
App Marketplace
and API make it simple to build emails and experiences that are truly personal at scale.
📘
Are you looking to build an integration with Klaviyo and become a partner? Check out our
partner resources
Kickstart your journey as a Klaviyo developer with the
Klaviyo developer certificate
. Learn the fundamentals of building with Klaviyo:
Understand Klaviyo's data model
Understand our APIs
Get access to key resources and developer tools
Explore use cases and examples of building with both server-side and client-side APIs
Learn how to troubleshoot and handle errors
Welcome to the Developer guides. Follow along the steps below, or select a step to begin, and get started building with Klaviyo today.
Create a test account (optional)
Generate sample data
Install a library (optional)
Authenticate API requests
Make a test API request
Use Klaviyo's Postman collections
Rate limits & error handling
Then, level up your knowledge with in-depth code guides:
Understanding Client-Side API Calls
Understanding Customer Data
Learn Klaviyo fundamentals with an overview of Klaviyo's data model and architecture:
Klaviyo's data model
Klaviyo's architecture
📘
Quickstart:
For a step-by-step visual demonstration of how to use Klaviyo APIs, check out our
YouTube API tutorial playlist
or our
Academy guide on connecting your Klaviyo usage with APIs
Head on over to the
Help Center
to browse a comprehensive collection of how-to's and guides for using Klaviyo products and getting connected to our native integrations. You can also take the <href="
https://academy.klaviyo.com/en-us/collections/api-fundamentals-for-marketers"
target="_blank">API fundamentals for marketers learning path to learn more about how to use and troubleshoot Klaviyo's API endpoints.
Updated
2 days ago
Did this page help you?
Yes
No

===== https://developers.klaviyo.com/en/docs/sdk_overview
TITLE: Web and Mobile SDKs
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Node
PHP
Python
Ruby
Klaviyo's mobile SDKs let you bring the full power of Klaviyo into your mobile app:
Profile identification
— recognize your users
Event tracking
— capture in-app behaviors and conversions
Push notifications
— send targeted, personalized push messages
In-app forms
— surface pop-up experiences without leaving the app
Geofencing
— track real-world locations to trigger marketing content
All these features are available for iOS, Android, React Native and Flutter apps through our respective SDKs.
iOS Swift
Android
React Native
Expo Plugin
Flutter
❗️
All v1/v2 SDKs were retired on June 30, 2024 and will not receive further updates. To continue receiving API and SDK improvements, we recommend migrating to our latest APIs and SDKs. You can find instructions for making the switch within the README of each legacy SDK repo below.
Node
PHP
Python
Ruby
Node.js (legacy)
PHP (legacy)
Python (legacy)
Ruby (legacy)
🚧
NOTE: /v1 & /v2 Legacy APIs (Deprecated) | 2012 - 2021 SDKs do not support all API operations
If you are currently using a legacy SDK, you may be missing some key functionality. For that reason, we recommend customers use our latest SDKs.
Alternatively, if you'd like to continue using a legacy SDK (e.g: for multi-threading/multi-store support as we work on updating this feature), you can make newer API calls that are not in the SDK by making HTTPS requests outright. For help with this, you can reference our language-specific code examples within the
API reference
, which lists all available operations.
Updated
2 days ago
Did this page help you?
Yes
No

===== https://developers.klaviyo.com/en/reference/get_lists
TITLE: Get Lists
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

200
Success
4XX
Client Error
5XX
Server Error
Shell
Node
Ruby
PHP
Python
Loading…
Choose an example:
application/vnd.api+json
