===== https://docs.superhuman.com/developers/apis/v1
TITLE: Superhuman Docs API (v1) Reference Documentation
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Superhuman Docs API (v1) Reference Documentation
Superhuman Docs API
(
1.6.0
)
Developer Support
:
care@superhuman.com
URL:
https://superhuman.com/developers
License:
Superhuman Developer Terms
Terms of Service
Introduction
The Superhuman Docs API is a RESTful API that lets you programmatically interact with data in Superhuman Docs (formerly Coda):
List and search documents
Create new docs and copy existing ones
Share and publish docs
Discover pages, tables, formulas, and controls
Read, insert, upsert, update, and delete rows
If you plan to integrate Superhuman Docs with an AI tool, you may also want to consider using the
Superhuman Docs MCP server
. It's optimized for LLM usage
patterns and often exposes more granular methods for accessing and modifying data.
Getting Started
Our
Getting Started Guide
helps you learn the
basic of working with the API and shows a few ways you can use it. Check it out, and learn how to:
Read data from tables and write back to them
Build a one-way sync from one document to another
Automate reminders
Sync your Google Calendar to Superhuman Docs
Changes to the API
As we update and release newer versions of the API, we reserve the right to remove
older APIs and functionality with a 3-month deprecation notice. We will post about such changes as well as announce
new features in the
Developers Central
section of our Community,
and update the
API updates
doc.
Using the API
The Superhuman Docs REST API is designed to be straightforward to use. You can use the language and platform of your choice to
make requests. To get a feel for the API, you can also use a tool like
Postman
or
Insomnia
.
API Endpoint
This API uses a base path of
https://coda.io/apis/v1
.
Resource IDs and Links
Each resource instance retrieved via the API has the following fields:
id
: The resource's immutable ID, which can be used to refer to it within its context
type
: The type of resource, useful for identifying it in a heterogenous collection of results
href
: A fully qualified URI that can be used to refer to and get the latest details on the resource
Most resources can be queried by their name or ID. We recommend sticking with IDs where possible, as names are
fragile and prone to being changed by your doc's users.
List Endpoints
Endpoints supporting listing of resources have the following fields:
items
: An array containing the listed resources, limited by the
limit
or
pageToken
query parameters
nextPageLink
: If more results are available, an API link to the next page of results
nextPageToken
: If more results are available, a page token that can be passed into the
pageToken
query parameter
The maximum page size may change at any time, and may be different for different endpoints.
Please do not rely on it
for any behavior of your application. If you pass a
limit
parameter that is larger than our maximum allowed limit,
we will only return as many results as our maximum limit. You should look for the presence of the
nextPageToken
on the
response to see if there are more results available, rather than relying on a result set that matches your provided limit.
To fetch a subsequent page of results, pass the
pageToken
parameter. Set this parameter to the value given to you as the
nextPageToken
in a page response. If no value is provided, there are no more results available. You only need to pass the
pageToken
to get
the next page of results, you don't need to pass any of the parameters from your original request, as they are all
implied by the
pageToken
. Any other parameters provided alongside a
pageToken
will be ignored.
Doc IDs
While most object IDs will have to be discovered via the API, you may find yourself frequently wanting to get the
ID of a specific document.
Here's a handy tool that will extract it for you. (See if you can find the pattern!)
Rate Limiting
The Superhuman Docs API sets a reasonable limit on the number of requests that can be made per minute. Once this limit is
reached, calls to the API will start returning errors with an HTTP status code of 429.
These are the current rate limits. They are subject to change at any time without notice. For robustness,
all API scripts should check for HTTP 429 Too Many Requests errors and back off and retry the request.
Limits apply per-user across all endpoints that share the same limit and across all docs.
Reading data (with the exceptions below): 100 requests per 6 seconds
Writing data (POST/PUT/PATCH): 10 requests per 6 seconds
Writing doc content data (POST/PUT/PATCH): 5 requests per 10 seconds
Listing docs: 4 requests per 6 seconds
Reading analytics: 100 requests per 6 seconds
Consistency
While edits made in Superhuman Docs are shared with other collaborators in real-time, it can take a few seconds for them to
become available via the API. You may also notice that changes made via the API, such as updating a row, are not
immediate. These endpoints all return an HTTP 202 status code, instead of a standard 200, indicating that the
edit has been accepted a

===== https://docs.superhuman.com/@oleg/getting-started-guide-coda-api
TITLE: Getting Started Guide: Coda API
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Access your docs programmatically.
It's easy to create and edit Superhuman Docs in your browser, but sometimes you need programmatic access to automate parts of your workflow. The Superhuman Docs API enables you to read and write data to your Superhuman Docs document using code.
In this
Getting Started Guide
, we'll introduce you to the
API
⁠
and share examples of how to do more with your documents using the API. This guide assumes that you are familiar with writing code.
If you want to build an integration without writing code, check out the Zapier links in the quick links section below!
Zapier
⁠
is an app that allows you to build workflows connecting two or more apps without code.
What are examples of things you can do with the API?
Sync data between a table in one Superhuman Docs document and a table in another Superhuman Docs doc.
e.g. Syncing data between a company goal tracker to your team's roadmap.
Set up automated reminders.
e.g. Send your teammates emails or Slack messages when their tasks are overdue.
Complement a
Zap
⁠
you are setting up.
e.g. Do a bulk import of data in another app to complement a Zap you are setting up.
Set up a deep integration between another app and Superhuman Docs.
e.g., Build out a database view of your calendar in Superhuman Docs and use it to track notes, action items, and more.
If you have feedback on the API or you build something that can benefit the entire Superhuman Docs community,
let us know
⁠
!
Let's start with some examples
For these examples, we'll be using
Google Apps Script
⁠
(
v8 runtime
⁠
), which lets you write code in a JavaScript-like syntax and use built-in libraries for many Google products, as well as the Coda API library. What's more, you can set up a schedule to run your scripts periodically, and best of all, it's freeーperfect for getting acquainted with the Superhuman Docs API.
If you haven't used Apps Script before, don't worry! The syntax is straightforward, and you should be able to pick it up easily if you've used JavaScript or another procedural language like Python or Java. Of course, you can always use other mechanisms to host your scripts and access our API if you prefer not to use Apps Script.
We recommend tackling these in order, but feel free to skip ahead once you've gotten through the first one.
Guides
Description
Done?
Add personal notes & takeaways
Guides
Description
Done?
Add personal notes & takeaways
Start Here
Learn the Coda API Basics
[Add notes]
Building a one-way sync
Build a one-way sync between tables in two separate documents
[Add notes]
Automated reminders
Set up automated email reminders based on table data
[Add notes]
Syncing a Google Calendar
Sync your Google calendar to Coda & make the most of your time
[Add notes]
⁠
Quick Links
Superhuman Docs API Related
⁠
Reference Documentation
⁠
- for the full details of the API
⁠
Developer Central in the Superhuman Docs Community
⁠
- Discuss API related topics with other developers
Superhuman Docs & Zapier -
connect Superhuman Docs with other apps without code
⁠
Zapier
⁠
- Sign up for Zapier and check out common Docs integrations
⁠
Help documentation
⁠
- Learn how to get started with Superhuman Docs and Zapier
Google Apps Script
⁠
Documentation Homepage
⁠
⁠
