===== https://developer.xero.com
TITLE: Xero Developer Platform
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Xero Developer: Powering Your Innovation and Growth
Get started
Developer Tools
Tools and resources to help you build and test your Xero integration faster.
Xero's AI Toolkit
Get Started with Xero's AI Toolkit including OpenAI Agents SDK, MCP Server, LangChain and prompt examples.
Check out the AI Toolkit
Developer Tools and Resources
This includes Xero APIs, SDKs, code samples, documentation and more.
Getting started guide
Resources for custom builds
Building your own app, agent or workflow, or for others? Get access to custom connections, list as a Xero certified development partner, collaborate with your clients.
Learn more about custom development
Automation Resources for Your Business or Practice
Learn more about w
orkflow builders, watch the AI Automation Series, review the prompt library, and more.
Unlock AI automations
Developer Programs That Accelerate Your Growth
Turn your integration into a profitable business by leveraging the benefits of Xero Developer programs.
Xero Developer Growth Program
Participation in the Growth Program includes increased promotion, marketing and collaborative opportunities.
Xero Developer Growth Program
Xero Referral Program
Earn commissions for every single new paying subscriber you refer to Xero.
Xero Referral Program
Global Xero App Awards 2026
The Xero App Awards celebrate the most innovative, impactful apps for Xero users.
Xero Global App Awards
Become an App Partner
Start Building
Sign up for a free account to build on the Xero platform. Take a look at our getting started guide, SDKs and the other steps you need to complete for certification.
Steps to becoming an app partner
Get Certified
Find customers who love your app, you'll need ten to get certified. See our certification checkpoints and best practices for more details.
Review the certification checkpoints
Publish your App on the Xero App Store
Publish your app on the Xero App Store for access to over 4 million small business customers and 200,000+ accountants and bookkeepers.
Create an Xero App Store listing
Resources for Accountant and Bookkeepers
Whether you're automating workflows or building a bespoke integration for your practice, our platform remains free for internal innovation. Our toolkit of resources helps you build your own, or hire a developer to build an integration for you. Find all the resources you need here.
Find a Custom Integrator
Whether you’re connecting applications to Xero or building your own, these developers are here to help.
Check out Xero's custom integrators
Automation Resources for your Business or Practice
Not a developer, no problem! Explore tools and resources for Accountants and Bookkeepers.
Resources for Accountants and Bookkeepers
Understanding how new pricing affects Accountants and Bookkeepers
On 4-December we announced new pricing. Accountants and Bookkepers are exempt from this new pricing model.
Check out details around the new pricing
Building Custom Integrations?
Seamlessly connect to Xero with custom integrations tailored to your needs.
Sign up as a development partner
If you’ve got proven experience building custom integrations with the Xero API, then register to become a developer partner.
Learn more about custom development
Custom connections
A streamlined integration option for anyone building bespoke solutions for Xero businesses. It utilises the client credentials grant type to provide a simplified, efficient developer experience.
Create a custom connection
Add a collaborator
Building and maintaining an app or integration with Xero often involves a team of people. Xero’s app collaboration function ensures that multiple people can have access to an app.
Add a collaborator
Talk to us!
We know you have a lot to say and we're here to listen. Here are some ways you can connect with the team, share your feedback or ask questions!
Weekly Office Hours
Connect with our team and each other:
Session 1:
Thursdays at 4:00pm BST / 8:00am PDT / 9:00am MDT
Session 2:
Fridays at 11:00am NZT / 9:00am AEDT / Thursdays 3:00pm PST
Join office hours
Developer Day Discord Server
Join the Xero Developer Day Discord Server and follow the Dev Day virtually.
Check out the Dev Day Discord
Provide product feedback
Share, upvote, and discuss ideas that could improve Xero’s APIs, developer tools, and programs.
Share your feedback with Xero Developer
Exhibit at Xerocon 2026 in London and Denver!
Connect with thousands of accountants at the most beautiful and innovative conference for cloud accounting leaders.
Explore the Prospectus
Ready to build with Xero?
Get started with our APIs and developer tools to create powerful integrations for small business.
Get started
Check out the AI Toolkit

===== https://developer.xero.com/support
TITLE: Xero Developer Support — Xero Developer
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

Xero Developer support
Get help with your integration
If you are unsure of the current status of the API and want to rule out any issues on our side, you can check our
developer status page
which is updated as soon as any issues are identified.
Xero ensures that our
API documentation
is constantly updated and is as accurate as possible. If specific functions or features are not documented, you can assume that they are not supported within the API.
We have written a number of guides on specific integration types and projects such as
integration best practices
,
CRM
,
farming
,
payroll
and lots more.
We provide SDKS for
C#
,
Java
,
NodeJS
,
PHP
,
Python
and
Ruby
. Each of these contains sample apps that you can use as a starting point for building your app.
We have written a number of guides on specific integration types and projects such as
integration best practices
,
CRM
,
farming
,
payroll
and lots more.
We recommend using Postman to check how the API call you are trying to make should be constructed. Postman also has an export option that allows you to see the appropriate code in a number of different languages.
We can provide limited direct support for specific issues and questions: if you have a very specific non-code* question, please use the
Support Contact Form
.
*Please note Xero does not provide email support for questions related to code issues – we encourage you to connect with other developers on
Stack Overflow
, or the
Github repository
if you're using one of our SDKs.
Tips for emailing support:
Please provide the following details so that we can investigate your query as efficiently as possible.
Provide the name of your API application and the Client ID.
If possible, include a sample request, response, timestamp and timezone of the call.
The Github issue for any question that was originally asked there.

===== https://developer.xero.com/faq/pricing-and-policy-updates
TITLE: Pricing and Policy Updates FAQs — Xero Developer
ACCESSED: 2026-09-27

On 4-December, Xero announced
new pricing and policies
.
Designed to meet developers where they are in their app development journey, we are transitioning to five tiers: Starter, Core, Plus, Advanced, Enterprise based on connections and data consumption via the Xero APIs. This change will make it easier to move through the tiers and access benefits as you grow and scale, while also making it clearer for developers to forecast and control their pricing. Changes to app tiers and pricing model changes will take effect on 2 March, 2026.
The update to the
Xero Developer Terms and Conditions
, provides developers with clarity about the use of our Developer Platform, including prohibitions on using API data for AI/ML training and certain automated tools. We’re also updating our
Developer Platform Commercial Terms
, which consolidates the existing Xero App Store Terms and Xero Certified Integration Terms, to reflect the new pricing model. If you registered as a Xero developer on or after 4 December, 2025, these revised terms apply to you immediately. If you registered before this date, this version of the terms will apply to you from 2 March, 2026.
Beginning on 2 March, 2026, we will be moving to a commercial tiering model based on connections and Xero API usage. Xero will no longer be pricing based on a revenue-share model
We are revising our Xero Developer Platform Terms and accompanying Commercial Terms to support this new model and, importantly, clarify that API data may not be used to train AI/ML models.
Connections (maximum)
5
50
1000
10,000
No limit
Monthly Tier Fee
No charge
$35 AUD
$245 AUD
$1445 AUD
Price on Application
Monthly Xero API usage (Ingress GBs)
Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
Monthly Xero API usage (Egress GBs)*
n/a
10 GBs
50 GBs
250 GBs
Volume on Application
Overage Xero API usage egress pricing (per GB)
n/a
$2.40 AUD
$2.40 AUD
$2.40 AUD
Price on Application
Pricing is tax exclusive
*We exclude the organisation endpoint from this usage allotment
The primary update prohibits the use of data obtained through Xero’s APIs to train or contribute to the creation of any AI or machine learning model. This is to bolster user trust and data security.
If you registered as a Xero developer on or after 4 December, 2025, these revised
Developer Terms
will apply to you straight away. If you registered before 4 December, 2025, this version of the terms applies to you from 2 March, 2026. Key changes to our terms and conditions include:
A new prohibition on using API data to train AI/ML models.
Clarifying that apps must not use bots or browser extensions to undermine our security controls or simulate user actions.
Updated commercial terms, consolidating the existing Xero App Store Terms and Xero Certified Integration Terms, to reflect the new pricing model.
Yes, there are a handful of types of apps that are excluded from this new pricing model, all as determined by Xero. The new Terms and Conditions apply to everyone.
App types excluded from the new pricing model include:
Bespoke Integrations for Accountant and Bookkeepers built for your own practice or a single client are exempt
Custom Connections remain on the same commercial terms
Financial Services applications in banking, credit and payments that operate on different commercial contracts
Conversion Partners (apps that solely convert data from other accounting platforms into Xero)
Franchise Apps built specifically for franchise networks
No, manual journals is a different endpoint than the Journals endpoint.
Manual Journals
will continue to be available to apps in all tiers. It is not connected to Journals as a premium API in the Advanced tier.
It is important that you understand your current total connection counts and volume of data consumed via the Xero API so you can forecast your new pricing, disconnect inactive connections and optimise your app’s API consumption.
Total connections:
The most reliable way to track connected companies is by leveraging the connections API endpoint. More information on how to manage your app’s connections can be found on the Xero Developer site
here
, including how to remove inactive connections.
While not a real-time API call, Xero also provides high-level data in the developer console via the “My Apps” Dashboard. Log into the Xero Developer Portal and go to the
My Apps
section. This dashboard provides general information, including analytics on API traffic, and can help you monitor overall usage patterns, which often correlates with the number of connections.
If you want to clean up connections, there is also a new "manage your connections" feature available in the Xero Developer Portal that will enable you to easily disconnect inactive connections.
The 'Standard' and "Owner' role can both see this page in the Xero Developer Portal however, you will need the 'Owner' role to successfully delete connections.
Xero API Egress Usage report:
The API Egress Usage report displays your app's daily and monthly AP
